Birthdays:


    Hey Matt! Just wanted to wish you a happy birthday before you're 1,000 bday wishes and 28 beers deep. I know you don’t like to make a big deal of your birthday, but you deserve to be celebrated WAY more than once a year. You're easily the most authentic person I know, and I can tell that everyone around you feels the same way. You naturally bring out the best in others, and continually impress me with your ability to go the extra mile. Let me know if you have a free moment at some point today! Would love to get some talk-time with the birthday boy himself! 


    Hey bud! I know you don’t like to make a big deal of your birthday, but for me, January 18th is a nice yearly reminder that not everyone has a ‘Nick’ in their life. You have a really unique ability to make people around you happy, and I'm lucky to be one of those people. I thought you were cool when I first met you at Indeed, but after 6 years of ripping claws, grinding on the job, and traveling the world together, I've discovered that you are even cooler than I expected. Let me know if you have a free moment at some point tomorrow! Would love to get some talk-time with ya and hear how the day went! 


    Happy YOU day birthday girl! I know some people might think turning 30 is scary, but in my eyes, your age is merely the number of years the world has been enjoying you. Did you know that as of today, you are eligible to be a senator? You’re also the same age that Jesus started his ministry, and physically speaking you are officially at peak bone mass (whatever that means)! I hope your day feels more special because of this text, and I hope that your day is filled with little to no responsibility, plenty of time with TT, hundreds of loving texts from friends, and flawless onion ring choo-choo trains! You are easily the most selfless and dependable person I know, and no matter how many compliments you get, it’ll always pale in comparison to the recognition that you truly deserve. You are such a gift to me and so many others, and it’s a joy to watch you brighten up other people’s lives. I’m truly so proud to call you my sister! You hold this family together like glue and have made my life so much more fun and meaningful. Can’t wait to celebrate you big later today! Happy XXX birthday! 


    Good morning and happy birthday, Dru! Since today is all about you, I wanted to put into words two things I admire about you that I don’t bring up nearly enough. One is that I’m always impressed how you know something about everything. Not sure where you acquire all of this knowledge, but you wield it well. And two, you just have a great personality. You're like a walking good mood playlist, which makes you so easy to be around. All that to say, looking forward to celebrating next time I see you! HBD brotha. 


    Happy Birthday Max! 🎉 Thanks for continuing to think of us and inviting us to your birthday each December. We feel like we hit the jackpot by having you as a friend, so we hope every day this year feels like you’re waking up with a winning lottery ticket. I know you’re the one blowing out the candles today, but we’ll be wishing you lots of good health, good times, and good luck as well! (include $5 scratch off and $5 lottery ticket inside envelope) 


    Happy Birthday, Caroline! I hope you walked into work today to find confetti on your desk or at least an inbox full of birthday wishes instead of loan reviews! Our Bible Study is so excited to get two new triple-A rated members that exceed all performance benchmarks. May this year be all about balancing life's books perfectly: investing in the moments that matter, diversifying your happiness across all the things you love, and earning maximum returns on all your personal investments with minimal volatility. Hope you guys had fun at the races yesterday, and have just as much fun getting off to the races this morning!


    Listen up bish! It’s your f***ing birthday, so we are going to party like it’s 2014 (or whatever year you turned 21). I don’t know if it’s the lips or what, but you just look younger and younger every year! I hope that on this particular day, the alcohol (and whatever else you might indulge in) comes with no hangover, and the birthday cake (or whatever else you might feast on) comes with no calories! Hope you have an awesome day and 100 more years of being a bad ass bish. Cant wait to hang get out on the water and give you the celebration you deserve!

    Happy birthday momma! We're gonna need a whole year leading up to your 60th birthday to celebrate you properly so the fun starts today! Make sure to bring your ID this weekend because despite your age, you still barely look 21! On this very special day of yours, I hope you are reminded that the world's a better place because you're in it, and our house will be a better place this weekend for the very same reason. Love you and can't wait to see you mom! 

    Happy birthday big man! I don’t know what year you are celebrating today, but I know that you’re going to be living it up like you are 21! I hope today’s filled with all your favorite guilty pleasures, and little to no work/responsibility. May the Mike’s Hard flows like water and the Bed & Breakfast chores disappear and take care of themselves. Now remember, you may get several opportunities to make a wish today….use at least one or two of em to make sure the Bills go all the way this year! Also, let me know if you have a free moment at some point today! Would love to chat and hear about your birthday plans. 


    I’m sending you a Burger King gift card on your birthday this year because I feel like the Whopper (me) and Whopper Jr. (you) embody an amalgamation of characteristics that represent our friendship well: savagery, sometimes the underdog, usually consistent, occasionally goes too far, unassuming but packs a punch, goals of bringing in millions of dollars, and many more. There are very few dudes out there who encourage going hard late night while also encouraging aspirations of economic freedom and strength gains. I’m glad to have met you and live so close-by! 

    Happy Birthday, Nick! I'm sad I can't make the party tonight, so I wanted to at least contribute to the event in some small way. I made sure to specifically pick-up Coors Banquet, because I think you embody this beer in many ways. For one, Coors is like pretty much everyone's go-to for crushing brews and having a good time, but Coors Banquet offers a bit more than that. This beer is more versatile and adaptable, and offers a complexity and depth that you wouldn't expect just by looking at the can. You can drink it at a frat party, but you can also bring it around your family and drink it while wearing a tie. No matter where it goes, it reliably offers a good time and a positive impact. Hope your day is filled with new memories, lots of laughter, and, of course, some great beer. Enjoy these today, but let's crack some more yellow-bellies together and celebrate again soon! 


    Hey Sarah, happy birthday! Since you’re the queen of spicy food challenges 🌶️, I’ve included a gourmet hot sauce kit with this card. Your zest for life and fiery spirit reminds me of the hottest of sauces – bold, intense, and unforgettable. Just like the various flavors in this kit, you add a special touch to every situation, making ordinary moments extraordinary. May your birthday be as spicy and exciting as you deserve. Keep setting the world on fire with your passion and energy!


    (Written inside the cover of a book) Happy Birthday, Emma! This book, like your life, is a well-crafted narrative filled with words of wisdom, courage, and adventure. As you turn the pages of this modern-day classic, remember how you, too, turn the pages of your life with an elegance and purpose that inspires everyone around you. Your love for literature is a reflection of your love for life – deep, exploratory, and ever-engaging. You have the rare gift of making every person feel like they are part of a grand story, one that is worth telling and retelling. As you celebrate this special day, may it be a reminder of the chapters yet to be written, the stories yet to be told, and the endless adventures that await you in both the pages of books and the pages of life. Here's to a year of discovery, joy, and an ever-growing library of wonderful memories!


    Happy Birthday, Mckenna! Your second biggest day of the year deserves a little extra sparkle, and I’d love to be the one to add it. Pick whichever treat sounds perfect right now and I’ll get it to you as soon as I can! 
    ☕ Caffeine boost to start the day strong
    🍪 Sugar rush from either Tiffs or Tiny Boxwoods 
    🌯 Morning fuel wrapped up in a loaded breakfast burrito
    🧁 Frosting fix with a bakery-fresh cupcake
    🍾 Sip and celebrate with some mimosas now or liquor later 
    🎁 Roll the dice with a birthday-adventure mystery box
    Just reply with the emoji of your choice and consider it done. No polite refusals will be accepted, and you’ll only hurt my feelings if you don’t let me treat you 😊


    Happy Birthday to the youngest 33 year old I've ever met! I don't know whether I should chest bump you and toss you a claw or ask you what the secret to life is. Either way, I'm glad to call you a best friend because life wouldn’t be nearly as fun or as crazy without you around. I hope your day is filled with clients that are begging to spend more money and cats that are begging for more attention. Keep circling around the sun and brightening up other people’s lives!


    Happy Birthday, Grandy!! I know we tell you this all the time, but it never feels like enough—you are truly one of a kind. You have this effortless way of making everyone around you feel at ease, turning even the simplest moments into something special. Every gathering is more fun, every conversation more entertaining, and every day just better when you’re in it. Your personality is the perfect balance of energy and calm, like if Adderall and Zoloft worked together flawlessly without any side effects or issues. You’re an incredible dad, the best bonus dad, and the most gentle, loving grandpa. Our whole household is completely obsessed with you in the best way, and not just because you’re always willing to lend a hand (though we won’t pretend we don’t appreciate that, too). We just love having you around—plain and simple. We’re beyond lucky to have you, and honestly, we can’t imagine life without you. Hope this year brings you as much happiness, laughter, and love as you bring to all of us. Happy birthday, young man!

    Happy birthday big man! Lot going on in your world right now. End of the first week of your new job, it’s cousins wedding, and it’s the first time you’ve ever officiated. And on top of that it’s your birthday!? I hope you don’t get so caught up today that you forget to slow down, celebrate yourself, and feel all the love coming your way. Proud of you, grateful for you, and lucky to call you my brother. Just checked your location and saw that you landed so…arriba, abajo, al centro, pa’ dentro! Send some pics today of your travels if you can!

    Let me be one of the first to wish you a happy birthday. I know we don’t get to hang all the time anymore but man I love ya and I’m so happy for you living your best life with the family. Definitely looking forward to hanging soon. You doing anything fun for it?


    Hey bud! Just wanted to wish you a happy birthday before you're 32 drinks deep. Every friend group could use a 'Max D', and I'm just grateful that Sami and I get to call you one of our best friends. You can take a punch harder, shred the guitar better, and entertain a crowd better than anyone I freaking know. I hope your day is filled with tons of texts from family and friends, a series of victories in laser tag and bowling, and cake with plenty of whey protein and zero calories! Can't wait to celebrate you big as soon as we make it back! We both know you deserve way more than just a day! 

    I'm sure you're already 1,000 birthday wishes deep at this point, but I just found out that it was your birthday! I hope you're having the most Saturday-est Tuesday birthday ever and I hope your day is filled with well-behaved students, tons of attention from other teachers, flowers from Ryder, texts from family and cake with non-existent calories! You're an awesome friend who has continually proven to be there for anyone who needs ya. The world is a better place because you're in it, Aaron. Sami and I both really really love having you and Ryder in our inner circle and can't wait to double-celebrate you the next time we see ya! P.S. If Ryder didn’t get you something from RH over $5,000, tell him he better “try again!” 

    Happy birthday Dylan! At this point, you’ve got the energy of a 21-year-old and yet the wisdom of someone who's seen some things. What a great age. Hope today is everything you hope it to be!

    Dear Mom, I love you more than words can describe… but I’ll try… and I’ll start by saying that you are as skinny and pretty today at 60 as you have ever been. You have an age-defying spirit that radiates youthfulness and hides your actual birth date in the most graceful way. I’ve been around for nearly half of your last six decades, and watching you do life has been an absolute masterclass in unconditional love. The sacrifices you make, although they are often made quietly and without fanfare, have both molded me and taught me more than any self-help book or lecture ever could. You have quit jobs to take care of us, taken jobs to provide for us, lost sleep worrying about us, and given up personal time to support us. Your love has been both the gentle blessing you whispered over me every night before bed and the fierce dedication you showed camping out to ensure I got into the right high school. It’s shown itself in strength, like the time you carried me over your shoulders into the hospital when I was in no state to walk on my own; and it’s also shown itself in weakness like when you broke down and cried with me when I barely made the cut for top 10% to get into UT. You didn't just talk about love and support; you lived it in every daily sacrifice, big and small. On this special birthday, I hope you take a moment to reflect on the beautiful impact you’ve had on all our lives. You’ve been a guiding star, always cheering us on from the sidelines and leading us with love. Here’s to a day filled with all your favorite things, a year filled with joy, and a lifetime filled with the youthful energy you so effortlessly embody. Here's to you, to all your beautiful qualities, to the lessons you've taught me, and to the incredible woman you are. I know it's your birthday, but you are the real gift in our lives. Can’t wait to celebrate you with a party that’s as fabulous and timeless as you are! P.S. Remember to pack your ID when we hit the town. You don’t look a day over 21! 


    Sorry this text isn’t hitting your phone at 8am, but I hope Mexico is doing you very right today! I imagine at this point you’re beachside (or poolside), drink in hand (or two... or three), living your best birthday life - probably making everyone around you laugh without even trying! So in case any one hasn’t said it already, you really are one of the best people I know - so easy to be around, genuinely kind, fun/funny, and just a solid, all-around amazing guy. Honestly, it’s hard to picture life without you now, and to be honest, I don’t want to! You're such a good friend, an AMAZING uncle, a great brother, and just an awesome human. I hope you're feeling all the love today and know how much you're appreciated - not just on your birthday, but always! I wish I had the perfect words to say how much you mean to me and all of us (especially Walkie), but I’m winging this without ChatGPT (though I did try - it just didn’t give me want I wanted), so bear with me and give me some grace on this text. Just know we love you more than you’ll ever know!!! Can’t wait to celebrate you when you’re back (we’ve got you a little happy waiting)! May your day overflow with tacos, tequila, and just enough questionable decisions to make great stories later! Hope it’s the best birthday yet! Love you!! 


    Happy 95th Birthday, Papa Bob!! I've been thinking about what it means to celebrate 95 years on this earth, and honestly, it's hard to wrap my head around. You've lived through 95 years of history, witnessed 95 years of change, and collected 95 years worth of stories that most of us can only imagine. But what really gets me is that you've spent 95 years being exactly who you are: humble, consistent, sacrificial, resilient, and brutally honest. The fact that at 95 years young, you still have more energy and wit than people half your age is astounding. You've given me an incredible example of what it looks like to be a grandfather, a father, and a man of character, and if I’m lucky enough, it’ll be an example that gets passed down to Walker and Owen and their kids. We’re beyond lucky to have you, and honestly, we can’t imagine life without you. Proud to call you my grandpa. Love you. Happy 95th!


    Happy Birthday, Christy!! I know Sami and I have said it before, but it’s worth repeating today— you are such a gift to our friend group. Your influence and impact on our lives runs deeper than we’re able to see clearly and deeper than you can imagine. You have this quiet, steady way of showing up that makes people feel supported, noticed, and loved, and that’s no small thing. Also, being around you is just so effortless and easy. Sami and I both admire how you can engage deeply when it matters, and still keep things playful and fun when it’s more casual. We’re not sure what we (or the rest of the group) would do without you. Whether it’s a helping hand, a piece of furniture to host with, or just your consistent presence on Tuesdays—you consistently make our life better. We’re really thankful for you, and we hope you feel celebrated today in all the ways you deserve!


    Happy birthday, BDan!! I know we’re both in a unique and tough season at the moment, so birthdays aren’t exactly ‘all the rage’ but I still wanted to take a pause from the craziness to say how grateful I am that you showed up in the world on this day. I was thinking this morning about all the moments that wouldn’t exist without you: pluckers late nights, college road trips, el sueno stories, Bible walk and talks, and everything in between. And throughout all the years, I’ve noticed a few things about you that I really admire: (1) you stick to your values even when it’s hard, (2) you don’t just hear people, you really feel what they’re going through, (3) you’re the kind of person that deserves the spotlight despite not wanting to be in it, and (4) your wisdom, persistence, and unwavering love for me has shaped the person I am today. There may not be a party bus or fancy dinner today, but I hope your phone is blowing up with “happy birthday” texts from every corner of your circle, and that you get unrushed, real-life hugs from the four who matter most. Also, I hope every message and interaction today serves as a reminder that you are highly respected, much needed, and incredibly appreciated. Love you brotha!


    Happy Birthday Sarah!! Birthdays are God’s way of telling us to eat more cake and throw a party, so I hope you're doing both today! You've been an incredible friend to Sami and I and an unwavering pillar in our Bible study group. You naturally bring out the best in others, and continually impress us with your ability to stay in touch with and care for other people. On this special day, I hope you receive the joy, love, and peace you offer so freely to others. You may be another year older, but you’ll always be the life of the party! 


    Yo, Nicky! What's the deal, B?! Listen to me, and listen good. You think you can just be out there, posted up in East Williamsburg, and we wouldn't hear it's your birthday? Fuhgeddaboudit! The whole damn city knows. We're talkin' big news, son, front page stuff! Plus it’s the last one before you’re gonna be a pop! You’ll be faucking schlepping a stroller through Maria Hernandez Park before you know it. Any who, today, you're the king of the concrete jungle. Go get a real New York pie. Have a schmear on a bagel. Take it all in. Happy birthday kid!


    Happy birthday, brother. God knew exactly what he was doing putting us in the same fraternity. I'm lucky to have such a generous and godly friend, and I'm glad that I've got you as an example of how to be a top-shelf dad, husband, friend and person. Your friendship means a lot to me, and I'm looking forward to many more years of doing life together.


    Happy birthday to you both! And what incredible lives you both have led! A beautiful marriage, wonderful children, intimate friendships and a lifetime of adventure and experiences. I can think of no two better people to admire and have as an example of how to lead my life in the relationships and responsibilities God has entrusted me with. I consider my relationship with you both as one of the Lord's finest blessings in my life, and consider you as much a grandfather and grandmother to me as my own. From trips to Riudoso, to shaking up martinis in your living room, or shanking more shots than I can count at GHCC, I've loved every second we've been able to share together. There's no way to properly commemorate the lives you led, but I hope tonight leaves no doubt of how deeply loved and cherished you are to all of us. I'm excited for all the new memories and experiences to come. Raising a glass of scotch, and a bourbon with Diet Coke and lemon to you both! I love you guys!


    Happy birthday Avalon! It’s the first time ever that you’ll have two birthdays in the same year, and we can’t wait to celebrate them both! I’m sure you’ve heard it a bunch already, but you are so easily lovable and the world is lucky to be getting another one of you in 5 months! Baby is going to be obsessed with his mom from day one, but we can’t wait to tell him how obsessed everyone else is with her too. All that to say, we hope this birthday brings you twice as much cake, twice as many gifts, and twice as much joy! HBD! 🥳


    Matt, happy 50th Birthday! 🎉 At this point, the candles might cost more than the cake itself, but I guess that’s just the price you pay for all that wisdom you've gathered. Having known you for the last five years, I can say without a shadow of a doubt that your life has been anything but average or ordinary. Time seriously does fly when you're having fun, and you've been an expert in that department for five whole decades. Here's to celebrating 50 incredible years that have been a gift not just to you, but to everyone lucky enough to know you.


    I know today is Liam's birthday, but I couldn't help thinking about you two as well. 2 years ago, you became parents for the first time, and I've watched you both transform in the most beautiful way since then. The patience you've developed, the silly voices you've perfected, the way you've learned to function on zero sleep—it's all been in service of raising this incredible little human. Liam is lucky to have parents who show up the way you do. You two are definitely raising someone the world is going to be better for knowing. So happy birthday to him, but also congrats to you two on 2 years of doing the hardest and most important job in the world really, really well. 


    Shorter Messages:
    - Tim, you're 46?! How is that even possible?! Time is absolutely flying, but you're clearly still in your prime. Hope this year gets filled with many more milestones and memories. Please send pics of the birthday madness!
    - Wishing you a latte love and some extra fuel for your big day — start it with a shot of espresso and finish it with a shot of tequila! (Send Starbucks gift-card or Apple Cash via text message)
    - Happy Birthday Dylan! Despite all the hell I give you, your friendship means a lot to me, and I'm glad we are still in touch after all these years! Hope this year gets filled with lots of milestones and memories for ya. I know it’s a Wednesday, but got any big plans?
    - It’s your party, you can wine if you want to! May the alcohol come with no hangover and may the birthday cake calories go straight to your butt and boobs! We hope you feel as loved as you truly are!
    - Happy Birthday Sami! You've turned 30 into the new 20, and proven that beauty, hair styles and pure sexiness only get better with time. Keep turning heads and setting the standard for sexy at any age!
    - Happy birthday! Sami, Walker, Owen and I hope you feel celebrated today in all the ways you deserve!
    - Happy birthday! Hope your day is filled with zero responsibility, maximum celebration, and just enough chaos to make it memorable.
    - Wishing you the best birthday ever. You're a gift to everyone that knows you, and I hope everyone gets a chance to remind you of that today! 
    - Good morning and happy birthday! Hope your birthday is filled with all your favorite people and none of the ones that stress you out.
    - Another year older and still out here setting the bar impossibly high for the rest of us. You make getting older look way cooler than it has any right to be! Happy birthday!
    - Happy birthday Tom! Welcome to the age where your back goes out more than you do! Hope your day is everything you want it to be. Just don't forget to stretch before blowing out the candles.

Just Announced Pregnancy / Birth:


    Mark and Sarah, congratulations on the announcement of your sweet baby girl! She is already so blessed to have you as parents! We can’t wait to watch her grow, to love on her, and to share in all the special moments. Your home is full of so much love, and this little girl is going to thrive in it. She’s joining a family that is already full of kindness, laughter, and joy, and we know she’ll add even more to it. We’re so excited for all that’s ahead and are here for you every step of the way!


    Having children is so beautiful and I truly believe it is the greatest blessings you can receive in life. At the same time, having children is also a challenging and exhausting job, and it’s not one that God gives to all women. But God saw a need for you to make an impact on this side of heaven and the next through this child, and we cant wait to see how that unfolds. Your heart for this child is so evident already, and I know God is going to do amazing things through you both. You’re stronger than you realize, and even on the hardest days, remember you’re not alone! We love you and can’t wait to step in and help in whatever way you need it!  

    We cannot wait to watch y’all become first-time parents! Babies are the best and they bring about so many beautiful first-time memories. Sami and I are praying that these last few weeks are filled with gratitude, rest, love and joy! The Lord clearly saw the need for more Bigbies in this world, and we do too! We love you and can’t wait to meet this baby we’ve prayed for!

    I've never met someone more prepared to be a dad. Callie is also going to freak once she realizes she was just born into a lottery-ticket family! I hope Victoria is feeling better and has a faster than normal recovery! Can't wait for baby Callie to make her big debut.

    Dude, that little raspberry has no idea how lucky it's going to be. Emily, you're going to absolutely thrive as a girl mom! Sami and I look up to you both so much and can't wait to watch and support you guys in this new journey. I already have so much love in my heart for that little nugget, and can't wait to meet em in March! 


    Hey! Would y’all be able to send me your list of “favorites” by EOD today? (You can include anything outside of this list as well.) Don’t ask questions, just answer!
        Favorite candy:
        Favorite chip/snack:
        Favorite drink:
        Favorite coffee order:
        Favorite sweet treat:
        Favorite self-care item:
        Favorite scent (for lotion/candles, etc.):
        Favorite wine, beer or cocktail:
        Favorite book/magazine genre:
        Favorite relaxation item (blanket, cozy socks, etc.):
        Favorite local takeout/delivery restaurant:

(Build a care package and drop it off at any point during or after the pregnancy)

    We know the delivery isn't for several more months, but Sami and I were just thinking about what amazing parents you both will make, and it gave us baby fever! As excited as we are to be a first-time Aunt and Uncle, we are even more excited to watch you be a first-time mom and dad! Sami and I were talking, and we are both so glad that you guys are doing this first, because watching you two will be like taking a masterclass on how to parent in the 21st century. We may not know the name or gender of the baby yet, but because of y'all's character, we know with absolutely certainty that this child will have a heart of gold, hands that are eager to serve, and a mind set on Christ.


    Happy due date!!! Whether today is the big day or not, this is such a big milestone! You’ve been taking care of yourself, each other, and a growing baby for 9 whole months. We are so excited to watch y’all become parents and to meet baby Bibgie in the next few weeks. Praying for peace, rest, health, and patience over this time of waiting and unknown. We are here and on standby if there is anything you need at all! Cant wait to see pictures of your little mini-me! 


    Got an instant serotonin boost from seeing those photos this morning, so please send more as you take them! Katie, we’re so so happy you are doing well, but I know “well” is relative so we’ll keep praying for a quick and restful recovery. I know his birthday was last night, but make sure to sing him happy birthday within the first 24 hours if you can! 


    We’re so excited to see what this next season holds for your family. All the proudest moments, biggest blow-outs, and best days are still ahead of you!


    I can’t handle the tiny‑ness. Is it normal for an infant to already have a Vogue‑worthy soft smile? I know you and Katie are good looking, but damn!…that baby is next-level adorable.


    Morning Momma Dunc! I just heard the amazing news!! That little pea of yours has no idea how lucky it's going to be! You're going to be an all-star mom and regardless of the gender, I already know you're child is going to be incredibly beautiful and ridiculously strong. Our kids are gonna be best friends too and shoot arrows and throw ninja stars and explore hidden beach caves and jump off rocks together. I know you'll hear this a million times but my god y'all are seriously gonna be the absolute best parents on the planet with infinite support and wisdom and love and fun and I am kinda jealous that y'all can't adopt me. Sami and I are both giddy right now for you guys and can't stop smiling! We absolutely can't wait to meet the newest member of your family in 9 months, and we'll be praying for your little one all the time from here on out.


    Newborn Baby: 


    Happy Birth-Day Caroline! Brandon said you went full hero-mode last night / this morning! I hope you have a quick recovery and so much fun hugging and kissing on Baby Addison for the first time ever! You’re about to have so many new core memories. So glad she is healthy and doing well! She’s a stinking cutie-patootie already!


    Kim! She’s your doppelgänger! What’s her name?!


    Abby and Jake, I’m so honored to be able to celebrate both of your “birth” days this year. Though there is nothing that can truly prepare any woman for motherhood, I can already tell that you are more prepared and ready for this than any other soon-to-be mom I have ever met. I hope these gifts make the transition a little bit easier. Alex and I can’t wait to hear all the stories that are about to come your way, and we can’t wait to meet your little bundle of joy. We know that the world is going to be a lot sweeter with another Jones in it! 

    Wow, the ‘Cutest Baby’ award goes to Avery. First, second and third place! Nobody else even gets to stand on the pedestal with her. Good luck trying to tell her 'no' one day. She is so clearly made in God’s image. So excited for you guys to experience the blessing of children. Send more pics as you take them! We’ll also take AS MANY details and stories as you two have the capacity to share. 


    Huge congratulations on your sweet new addition! This season is filled with so much joy, love, and also… plenty of exhaustion. I know everyone always says, “let me know how I can help,” but sometimes accepting help can feel tricky. So instead, here’s a little something practical—extra helping hands whenever you need them, guilt-free. Laundry piling up? Furniture to assemble? A mountain of dishes? Use this card to lighten your load however it fits best. You’ve got enough on your plate right now, so let someone else handle the to-do list while you soak up those precious baby snuggles. Thinking of you, cheering you on, and always here for you. https://maidsandmoore.com/gift-certificate/ or https://www.handymattaustin.com/local-austin-gift-cards or https://support.taskrabbit.com/hc/en-us/articles/12420929479181-Can-I-Purchase-Taskrabbit-Gift-Cards 

    Emily, you’re officially a mom! She's adorable! I wanna hold her 🥹 Literally could win awards for how cute she is! Also, Avery Katherine a BEAUTIFUL name. What a blessing for her to call you mom and dad. Praying for peace and rest and courage as you welcome your sweet little girl into your family! I know y’all have lots of family nearby, but we are always a phone call away if we can help with anything!


    This baby already belongs in a catalogue. I am over the moon excited for y’all and have been praying for each of you every step of the way!! The world needed more Rachel+Juan genes, and it came in such a sweet little package! Please send us your meal train link if you have one, and enjoy the snuggles! 


    We promise to help make sure Avery never goes a second without knowing how deeply loved she is!

    Aaron!! Little Patton is freakin’ adorable. Sami and I are both so happy that everything went smoothly with your delivery! You are literally a warrior! We are both so excited to meet your newest bundle of joy, and we hope you have a speedy and easy recovery! The world is going to be a whole lot better with another McGough in it! Plus, Patton is going to freak once he realizes that he was born into a lottery-ticket family! Can't wait to hear how the mom-duties are going. You're going to be a natural. 


    Baby Follow Up Check-In Texts:
    - Hey! Sending some $ to be spent by you on whatever fills each of your cups right now. I don’t care if that’s a week’s worth of coffees, a massage, a solo target run, or a really good sandwich eaten with both hands…it’s your call, but it’s ONLY to be used on both of you, so no diapers, groceries or baby stuff! You know her best, and we don’t want to give something you might not need or use, so please spend this on whatever makes you feel human again.  😊
    - You survived the first full week as a mom!! How’s it going? Got any photos of baby Patton in his new home? How’re the late-night feedings treating you? 
    - I’m stopping by the grocery store today—can I grab anything you need? Snacks, diapers, coffee, or just a treat for you?
    - How’s month 3 treating you? Any sweet parenthood moments you’re particularly appreciating right now?
    - Has Charlie been pretty chill, or are you getting glimpses of a big personality already?
    - I’ve been thinking of you guys—have you found a rhythm yet, or is every day still an adventure?
    - Has Mila had any ‘firsts’ recently? What’s the cutest thing she’s been doing lately? 
    - How’s it been watching Maribeth step into the ‘new mom’ role?
    - Hey Molly, how’s life in the newborn bubble today? Thinking about you guys!
    - Just wanted to say hi and see if there’s anything exciting happening in Charlie’s world.
    - I keep thinking about you guys! How are you holding up in the day-to-day routine?


Professional/Work:


    Today marks a significant milestone in your more than three-decade journey of faithful service at State Farm, which means it’s time to swap out those business casuals for something a little more… pajama-esque. Your dedication, resilience, and unwavering commitment have not only shaped a remarkable career but have also inspired your son to journey down the same path, which says a lot. You’ve given so much of yourself, your time, your dedication, and your passion, and now it’s time to embark on the next chapter, which hopefully includes endless days of relaxation, hobbies you’ve never heard of, and, of course, the luxury of forgetting what day of the week it is. So here's to you, on your last day at State Farm and the first day of the rest of your life. May it be everything you've hoped for and so much more.


    Hi Larissa, I asked Colin to send me your email so that I could spotlight a couple of things in particular. Anybody that knows Colin well will not be surprised by this email, but I think they need to be said out-loud nonetheless. I think most people at MongoDB would benefit by taking a page out of Colin’s book when it comes to work-ethic. This man is consistently one of the first people in the office and one of the last to leave. Any time that I work with Colin on a deal, I know that thorough discovery has been done, and a solid deal will be teed up. He leaves textbook-level notes making it incredibly easy to prep for the next call, and he is also super quick to action whatever to-do items he has after a call. Though Colin is still closer to the beginning of his work career than the end of it, I can already tell that he will do really great things for this team and any other team that he lands on in the future. This company is lucky to have him and I just wanted to make sure his efforts get the recognition that they deserve.  

    Hi Maddie! Congrats on your two-year work anniversary! I know that a lousy slack message doesn't do justice to all of your hard work and dedication, but I want you to know that I'm really glad to have you on my team! I know plenty of people that get drained from spending even a 30 minute meeting with their colleagues, but being around you is like a happy little vacation. Good luck on your next step at MongoDB and cheers to two more!

    I just wanted to thank you for everything you’ve done so far for our organization and the team, but I know that a simple thank you is far too little compared to all the efforts you have put throughout the years. Work-life is a marathon, not a sprint, and it requires lots of tenacity to reach each milestone. Watching you cross this latest milestone, it’s clear that you are one hell of a runner. Everyone can take a page from your book when it comes to passion, hard work, and loyalty. Nothing in this world is more valuable to an employer than an employee who is both loyal and hardworking. Time flies so fast! Thank you for dedicating your 20 amazing years of work to our organization. Our team would never be the same without you. You and your contribution mean a lot to us. 

    Quota Attainment: Congrats on hitting quota today, John! It’s clear that the speed with which you were able to get to 100% is no coincidence. On top of earning all that cold hard cash, you've already earned boatloads of respect from me. Excited to learn even more from you and hopefully one day follow in your shadow!

    I can't thank you enough for teaching and growing me over the last 6 months. You put a lot of time and effort into leading our team, and you do it so well! I’ve had fun getting to know you better, and I’ve learned so much from talking with you and seeing how you work. I’m grateful to have had the chance to work with you so closely. Merry Christmas to you, Veronica, and little Dill.

    My name is Alex, and I’m the Account Rep on Indeed for BrightPath Logistics. I asked Daniel to provide me with a manager’s email so that I could vocalize my gratitude for the professionalism, adaptability, and strong work ethic that Daniel has shown throughout our relationship. In my 4+ years of working with over 5,000 employers, I can honestly say that Daniel has been a joy to work with. Not only has he been great to me, but he has also been great to our job seekers. Indeed loves partnering with companies that have such strong HR teams because we know prospective applicants will have nothing but positive things to say about our site after interviewing and/or accepting offers from people like Daniel. As a small token of my appreciation, I’d like to extend $100 in sponsorship credits to the BrightPath Logistics account. Again, I reached out to him directly to see if there was a way I could send along some praise because working together has been such a pleasant and unique experience. 

    Thank you, Andrew, for caring as you do, and for sharing your professional expertise and warmth. I've been in HR and recruiting for more than 7 years, and I know a star when I work with one! You are a star! I would appreciate it if you would share my message with your manager. 

    Before Someone Else’s Interview: 
    Good luck on your interview today, Rose!! You're almost there and I know you're exhausted but it'll feel sooo good when you've got all of the offers in hand and can relax with some peace of mind again. I’m praying that today God gives you even more of what you already have: charisma, determination, positivity, and confidence! Just keep in mind that any company would be lucky to have ya. Especially one you are so passionate about! 


    Ryan, how’d your interview go yesterday? Did it feel like a good fit? Sami and I have been thinking about you and the fam!


    Promotion: Dude, super pumped for you! It’s been a hard fought battle and a long time coming, and I can say with full-confidence that there’s nobody more deserving of this position than you! All of that hard work is finally going to pay off, and I know you'll crush it in Mid-Market. They'll be kicking themselves for not promoting you sooner! This company is so lucky to have you. 


    I just heard you got a job offer from ____! It doesn’t surprise me at all considering how charismatic and kind you are, but I still wanted to let you know how pumped I am for you! Whether you decide to accept it or not, I know that it’s a huge honor to be chosen by such a prestigious company. Can’t wait to hear all the details. Well done dude! 

    After a Friend Accepts a New Job Offer: Hannah, We truly treasure you so much as a friend and wish I could put into words or list out all of the things you have done for us. You are so kind, helpful and thoughtful. I heard your boss was pretty rude when you broke the news, but it's probably because she knows that it'll be impossible to replace you! Can't wait to see what God has in store for you at the new company. Nothing beats a fresh start and an exciting path forward. P.S. Heard you got the offer of a lifetime! Even still, I bet it's not even a fraction of the value that you will bring that company in the years to come. 


    Jack, this bottle has been waiting for the right moment, and buddy, this is IT! Watching you navigate these past couple years with grace, even when things were tough, has shown our group the resilience you have and the kind of guy you are. Finally, you get to clock in at a place that’s going to appreciate your talent and let you grow. A place where your vision matters, where your creativity can flourish, and where you’ll be valued for the incredible architect and person you are. No more Sunday night dread. No more feeling invisible. No more pouring from an empty cup. Two years of prayers are coming to fruition, and we couldn’t be more thrilled to witness it. You’ve got this. God’s got this. And we’ve got you.


    Co-Worker Put in Their 2-Weeks: I’m so sad that you’re leaving the company, but I know that I’m also so lucky to have had the privilege to work beside you over the years! You’ve made a meaningful difference at this company, and I know that MongoDB is going to have a leg up on all of the competition now that you'll be joining their team. I’m genuinely looking forward to hearing about all of your success, and I hope we get the chance to work together again in the future! You’ll be missed!


    Lay-Off: Hey Rose! Sami just told me about Qualia. I can imagine you're still in shock, and probably feeling anxious about the future, so there are a few things that I wanted to remind you of: First, I hated the name Qualia....I don't know much about the company but I can tell from the name choice that they clearly don't know what they're doing. Second, you are smart, charismatic, extremely skilled at what you do, and so so friendly. Those are all character traits that go a LONG way, even in a recession. Third, you've got two Alex's and one Sami fighting in your corner with you. If you need anything, whether that's a loan, a referral or a cry session, we got your back! Fourth, God is in control, and God is good! He doesn't promise to make life easy, but He's always there when you need Him most. We love you so much, and can't wait to give you a big 'ole hug next time we see you!


    Help Someone Look for a Job: 


    I've compiled a list of all my trusted contacts and companies where I have strong relationships. It's all yours! Let me know which ones interest you, and I'll make those intros happen so that we can get you a guaranteed first interview through a referral. No limits on how many. I would love to support you however I can! Here it is: 

    Hey Gabo, I just heard about the PlanetScale layoff. I have no doubt that this is just a temporary setback, but Sami and I want to help however we can. Look through both of our connections on LinkedIn and please let me know if there are any introductions we can make to companies you'd be interested in. You're a smart, talented, and hard-working rep, and I know there are a ton of companies that would love to add you to their salesforce. Also, would love to be one of your reference checks if you need it. I’ve got only good things to say about you. 

    Just heard the news and honestly, I’m stunned. Everything about this sucks, especially the timing of it all. I know how much you put into that place, and watching them let you go like this feels so wrong. I know you’re probably cycling through all the emotions right now, but just know that you’re amazing, and some algorithm deciding to “optimize headcount” doesn’t change that. I want you to know we’re here for you, not just with words, but with whatever you actually need. If you need referrals to any company in our network, just ask. If you need to borrow money for bills or whatever while you figure out next steps, again, just ask. You’ve had my back so many times over the years, and we would love to show you that we have yours. Wish we could teleport there and give you a hug. Love you guys more than we can text in one bubble! 


    LinkedIn Shoutout: Logan is very deliberate with everything….how he speaks, how he works, and most importantly how he leads. In the few months that I have known him, Logan has exemplified every quality I look for in a manager: Passionate, energetic, poised, intelligent, personable and very in-tune with his entire team and their needs. I truly feel like I have already been able to level-up so many skills under his guidance and leadership. Very grateful to get the chance to work and learn from him. 

    Sarah not only carries a strong vision for transforming organizations, but she also leaves space for others to experiment, make mistakes, and more often than not—shine. She focuses on outcomes over process and style, and she is a leader that makes you feel safe to be authentic and bring your unbridled ideas to the table. I’ve been continually impressed with how she surfs the waves of uncertainty with focus and composure. I’ve been so lucky to have her as a colleague and I know any organization will be exponentially better with her vision, leadership, and presence. 

    Daniel gave me my first insights into what a truly professional sales exec was, and he stood out from all others alone as an example of how to work with clients respectfully and successfully. I've never met anyone to date who I hold in such high regard for his positive attitude, diligence, and his tenacity in ensuring a good deal is made. I’m impressed with how many times I have seen Daniel go the extra mile to ensure his customers achieve the best possible outcomes. 


    Shash helped us take what could have been a field of dreams (build it and hope that magic would happen) and made it real with his tenacious approach to connecting the right people to drive the ultimate result in a very structured manner. I called it the "Shash Effect.”

    First Day at Work: Good luck on your first day of work Avalon! Everyone's going to love you! 


    So excited to hear how everything goes today!!!! I know everyone will love you, but I’m eager to know what you think of your boss and your colleagues. I know you've worked hard to get here, so I can't wait to see what this exciting new chapter brings! I’m sure you’ll be running this place in no-time


    Retirement: Uncle Todd, BIG DAY!! 🎉 You did it—retirement time is officially here! Now you can trade in your work hat for a pair of flip-flops and slippers, and kick back to enjoy the good life! No more alarms, no more deadlines—just endless opportunities for fun, relaxation, and adventure. And hey, if you’re feeling rebellious and decide to sip on a Pepsi every now and then, I won’t tell anyone. 😉 It’s your time now—do what YOU want, whenever you want. You’ve definitely earned it! Whether you’re rewatching every LSU victory (though you might have to dip into the archives for some of those), visiting Kira and Rudy and embracing full grandpa mode, or living your best life in Perry, the sky’s the limit! Enjoy every single second of this new chapter!! We’re so excited for you, and we know you’re going to make this next chapter just as amazing! I’m EXTREMELY jealous but also so happy for you! Geaux Tigers and Geaux YOU! 💛

College:


    Graduation Text to High School Graduate:
    Dear William, “Congratulations” doesn’t do justice for what sami and I want to tell you, nor does it do justice to what you deserve. You have earned the right to speak over your peers on a very special day with sleepless nights of studying and countless hours of focus. The news of your acceptance to Harvard only confirmed what I've known for a long time - you are undoubtedly the smartest person in our family. I am not only surprised that they accepted you, but I'm slightly taken aback they didn't respond with a resounding "hell yes".  One trait of yours that I genuinely admire is the high standards you set for yourself. The persistence with which you pursue your goals is truly inspirational, and I have no doubt that this is just the beginning of many more successes to come. As you embark on this exciting journey, I can't wait to see what God has in store for you at Harvard. It’s been a hard fought battle and a long time coming. You’re about to make lots of great friends, meet a bunch of brilliant professors, and come a part of many unique traditions. Can't wait to see the wonders you're going to accomplish.


    Matthew, I‘m sure you’ve been looking forward to this day all summer and it’s finally here! You’re Baylor bound! Through all these years of watching you grow up, one thing has become clear: Baylor is getting so much more than just another freshman. They're getting a young man who already understands what it means to work hard, to serve others, and to stay true to his values. I know these next four years are going to transform you in ways you can't even imagine right now. You're about to experience so many new “firsts”, form friendships that will last a lifetime, and create new memories that you'll still be laughing about twenty years from now. I'm genuinely excited to watch you write this next chapter. Something tells me God has some incredible plans for you at Baylor, not just in the classroom, but in how you're going to impact that campus and the people around you. You're about to join a legacy of Bears who've gone on to change the world, and I can't think of anyone more deserving or better equipped for that journey. Sic 'em, Matthew!  🐻 💚 💛


For My Wedding:

    Wedding Gift Thank You Template: 
    You early bird you! We weren’t expecting gifts until at least a month out. Unlike us, you like to get an early start so we’re trying to adapt and get a thank-you note back to you as early as possible. We can’t thank you enough for thinking of us and getting us something that we couldn’t wait until wedding time for. We’ve been sleeping on pillows that are far from the color we originally bought them in, so thanks to you, we’ll be able to get plenty of beauty rest leading up to the wedding. Can’t wait to toast, dance and celebrate with you on the wedding day! Thanks again for being a part of our story and for being a part of our lives! 

    We want to thank you not only for the Etsy Painting (which we have talked about more than any other gift), and the Le Creuset (which Alex will be forced to use everyday as he bakes me breakfast, lunch, and dinner), but also for your friendship over the last 3 years! Alex and I were talking the other day about the qualities that we admired in friends, and after agreeing that “Kindness” and “Thoughtfulness” were one of the most important qualities, we couldn’t help but think of all the kind and thoughtful ways that you have been a good friend over the last few years. From the coffee gift cards, to the kind words, and from the encouraging texts to the incredibly considerate and creative gifts, we can’t thank you enough for being such a positive presence in our life. We hope to see your face so much more in the months to come! 

    Thank you for adding to the joy of our shower and wedding with your warm wishes and thoughtful guac molcajete gift. As goofy as it sounds, we are typical avocado-obsessed millennials, so this likely act as the centerpiece to all of our future parties. Can’t wait to send you pictures of us using it! 

    You are so sweet to get us such an expensive gift for our shower! You really shouldn’t have (But it’s so nice that you did!) We are already using it and loving the way it looks on our bed. Can’t wait to see you when you get back from Germany so that we can show you. Your thoughtful gift has been one of the final touches that we needed to help turn this house into a home. Love you lots! 

    These cocktail glasses might just be our most-reached-for gift of all. Though some of what we received will shine on special occasions, we have a feeling these will be out every week without fail. Sometimes the simplest things mean the most — and you have a true gift for knowing exactly what that is. Thank you for the warmth, the fun energy, and the thoughtfulness you brought to both the shower and the wedding. 

    Hannah, I’m sorry that you haven’t received a thank you note from us yet from the wedding. Everyone else's were simple and straightforward to write, but we both knew that yours deserved more thoughtfulness and attention than anyone else’s. Unfortunately, after several reminders to Sami, I have become worried that you might go without a proper ‘thank-you’ so here it is! The effort that you put into your relationship with both Sami and I has been noticed and commented on by so many people. You have poured into both of us with your time, your grace, your gifts, and your skills. I honestly don’t know where we would be without you. To be honest, we may not have had anyone attend our wedding or even gotten married in the first place…. You even had your hand in writing both of our vows, which is literally the most important part of this whole party. You went above and beyond to take things off Sami’s plate throughout the bachelorette party and showered her with words that I know she will never forget. I can’t thank you enough for all that you have done, and I wish I could pay you back for all of the kind gestures both seen and unseen (i.e. Toni’s toenails), but it’ll take a lifetime to catch up with your kindness. We both admire and appreciate you so much, and want you to know that everything you’ve poured into us has shaped this whole chapter. Now that the wedding craziness has finally settled, we can’t wait to actually be present with you the way you have always been for us. Thanks for being awesome!!!

    Wow! You know me so well! The air fryer has already been put to serious work — we have already cooked up tons of roasted veggies, homemade french fries, wings, and chips! I’m already falling into a rabbit hole of recipes for things I’m drooling over and can’t wait to cook up. Also, thank you so much for hosting our shower! All of the little and big ways you’ve pitched in really made the party special and had Sami and I both walking on cloud nine all night. Can’t wait to have you both over again soon, so that we can show off our latest appliance in action. P.S. I hope Jackson likes air-fried dino-nuggets 

    We are shaking our head with how much you have spoiled us rotten! Both the Smeg and the Milk & Honey couples massage are gifts that we simply couldn’t wait until the wedding for. With roughly thirty days to go, Sami and I decided that we cannot and should not wait until the big day to de-stress. We also haven’t stopped using the Smeg since you left. This is definitely going to be a staple of our kitchen. Nobody will be able to leave our house without puckered lips in the future. Thanks for taking common courtesy to an uncommon level. We cannot wait to finally have you there for the big day and celebrate it all together!

    You guys are just too freaking sweet. Not only did you get us something custom that we will be able to use and show off on a regular basis, but you also hosted AND brought the second wave of energy back into our party. All of our family members had such great things to say about you both after the shower. We really really love having you both in our inner circle and couldn’t imagine life without ya. The time, energy, and love you poured into that party meant more than we can say. We are so lucky to have you two in our corner! 

    Julie and Mike, I’m so sad that I haven’t met you guys yet, because even from a couple hundred miles away, it’s clear to me how well you guys have loved my Sami since I’ve known her. You have spoiled her rotten with loads of gifts, time, and attention, and though I have loved her for 5 years, you guys have loved her for 30. You have clearly made her a priority in your life, and I know that she has been shaped by your words of support and advice as a result. I am so excited to finally meet you both in Austin where we will finally move from strangers to family! Already love you both! P.S. Your Amazon gift card came with almost too much money in it. Had to check to make sure an extra zero wasn’t added to it by accident. You guys are too sweet. Your help with hosting really made the whole party possible.

    Elizabeth, I’m so sad that I haven’t met you yet, because even from a couple hundred miles away, it’s clear to me that you two are close enough to be sisters. Sami has told me all of the countless things you have done for both her and for Toni, and it’s so reassuring for me to know that I am marrying into a family that takes care of and looks after each other. I’m hoping that I can somehow return all the favors that you have done for them, even if it takes a lifetime. I know that it’s not easy to travel with a child, but I really hope I get to meet little Chacha as well so that I can see if she is actually as cute in person as she appears in all of her photos. 

    Juan and Rachel, you guys deserve a dozen thank-you notes in one. First off, as you both are probably already aware, Sami’s love language is receiving gifts! She loves loves loves the Le Creuset bake dish and can’t wait to receive freshly baked breakfast, lunch, and dinner around the clock by her Chef Hubby. Since I prefer dishes that are quick and efficient, this will be the perfect baking tool for me to set it and forget it while pretending like I have been slaving over the meals all day. What we appreciate even more than the registry gift though are your regular gifts of time, attention, and counsel. No registry gift that we received at the shower will be able to improve our marriage and our walk together like the wise, honest, and vulnerable words you have shared with us over the last few months. We already know that it’s not easy to prioritize each other while juggling bi-weekly meetups on top of all the responsibilities that come with jobs and eventually kids, but I know that the Christ-like example that you are setting for us will be remembered for years to come. We cherish all of the wine and salsa filled conversations that we have had with you this year and hope that we can continue to spend time and grow with you both in the future.  

    Aaron and Ryder, we still can’t believe you hosted a party you couldn’t even attend — that tells us everything we need to know about who you are. Nobody likes to host and pay for a party they can’t be there for, but you two pulled it off beautifully. The couples shower was a HUGE success and because of all the big and little ways you guys pitched in, the whole night felt like it was made just for us. We are gonna be missing you a lot during the wedding Aaron, and will be praying for a safe and painless delivery as you get into the thirty day countdown. Love you both so much, and appreciate all that you do to make us feel loved! 

    Grant, this is a 3 in 1 thank you note! First off, wanted to say thank you for making my bachelor party a success. I know there was a decent amount of planning, coordinating and research that went into that, and I really don’t think it could’ve gone any better. Tried to give you the leg-up on poker, but based on your poker skills, it looks like next time I’ll have to help you hide some cards up your sleeve. Secondly, thank you not only for hosting our couples shower, but also for breathing life into our party with your presence! Emily can coordinate and plan all she wants, but ultimately, every party needs someone to entertain and bring the energy, and Sami and I both know that we can always count on you for that. Lastly, just wanted to say thanks for being my best man and brother. The work ain’t over and I know there is still plenty of work left to do. The next 30 days are gonna be a crapshoot, but I feel a lot more comfortable knowing that you are there if I need you. Can’t wait to return all of these favors for you one day! Love you like a brother.

    It was well overdue for us to retire our mismatched collection of Amazon-era knives, and you gave us the perfect reason to finally do it. I’ve already made a point to invite some friends over for snacks just so I can show it off! Also, Sami is so excited to finally call you guys family! Hope to see you both very Shun!  

    Katie and Dylan, the espresso cups, measuring cups, and salt and pepper shakers have already earned permanent homes in our kitchen — and honestly, so have you two. Sami and I don’t take it for granted that we have friends who are both thoughtful with the details and loyal for the long haul. Ten years is a real thing, and every one of those years you two have just kept showing up. We are so grateful to have you in our corner and cannot wait to make many more memories together for years to come! 

    Emily and Matt, alright you two, it's time to receive your MVP awards. Matt, you get most charming and charismatic of the evening! No surprise there. You had everybody  swooning over you by the end of the night with your amazingly personalized and heartfelt ceremony. From the prayer to the intros and from the stories to the 1:1 conversations, everybody couldn't get enough of Matt Mitchell on Friday night. We know it was a big ask, and we just wish there was something that we could do to measure up and give back to you what you gave to us. We've got a big dinner for the four of us coming your way as soon as you let us know your availability, but even that will only be a shadow of what we wish we could give. Emily, you get the award for being the true wedding coordinator of the weekend. You did more behind the scenes than Meredith did without accepting a dime in return. Your speech was so thoughtful, so well delivered and so spot on! There is so many things throughout the weekend that I went to check on or setup that had already been taken care of before I got there and I know you were at work doing more than we'll ever know. Thanks for being an amazing sister, for praying over us during the ceremony and for being a part of our whole entire story. It's because of you that i get to call Sami my wife! You guys mean so much to both of us and will always look to you for truth and wisdom in our marriage. Love you lots and thanks again for quite literally everything!!!!!!!!!!

    James and Nadia, we honestly don’t know what we did to deserve neighbors like you two. I don’t know anyone who gives out gifts on their own birthday weekend, but we cannot thank you enough for being so thoughtful and generous to us with your note and gift card. You both also gave us helped us talk through several parts of the wedding planning process, and honestly helped us make our dream a reality. It’s hard to believe that less than a year ago Sami and I were in the market for a home. Losing bids and getting rejected house after house was definitely tough, but God is always working behind the scenes, and knew that there is no house would be happier in than a house with incredible neighbors. When people ask about our new house, the first thing that we mention is how great you guys are because that’s what we are truly most grateful for! Can’t wait to make many more memories with you two and the boys in the years to come! 

    Post Wedding Text: 
    Hey, just wanted to text you and thank you for being a total MVP this weekend. From getting a last minute tux rental, to being the life of the party, and from driving down for the three most important days of my life (shower, rehearsal and wedding) to staying up with me late on Thursday night, it is easy to see how much effort you put into our friendship. I'm really lucky to have you as one of my best friends and can't wait to make many more memories with you! 

    Uncle Richard and Aunt Melissa, Bride and Groom here! Just wanted to text you two and let you know how much we appreciate your lively energy, your incredibly thoughtful words, and your much needed helpfulness this weekend. Out of all of our Aunt's, Uncle's and cousins that came to the wedding (on both sides), you guys partied harder and stayed up later than them all! Also, I have already thought back to the words you told me after the dinner so many times, and they still get me as teary-eyed as when  I first heard them. We also couldn't have loaded up everything the next morning in time without your help. You guys were MVPs this weekend and we can't thank you enough for everything. Love you guys! 

    Aunt Eeeky, holy crap! I'd love to say that we will invest that money wisely, but tbh, that's probably gonna end up being used as a 12 hour shopping spree next week for Sami. Oh well....will be money well spent in my eyes! Thank you so much for loving us and celebrating us so well! 

    For Hosting Wedding Shower: We cannot tell you how grateful we are for opening up your home to 50 fiesta-fiending strangers on Saturday! Your home was such a hit, and provided the perfect atmosphere and ambience for a memorable (yet slightly fuzzy towards the end of the night) party! Our friends and family had such great things to say about everyone in your family the next day too. We know that hosting isn’t always cheap or easy, so we just wanted to say thanks again from the bottom of our queso-loving hearts!  

    We cannot tell you how grateful we are for orchestrating such a memorable party for Emily Wagman this past weekend! Though it may have felt like herding cats at some points (and not well-behaved cats like Jake’s parents have), we sincerely appreciate you leading and organizing the pack. You’re such an important and reliable friend to Emily W, and it goes without saying that the whole Wagman crew feels lucky to have you too. 

    Emily & Matt, we cannot tell you how grateful we are for all of the hard work you put into orchestrating such a memorable shower for Sami and I the other weekend! We were talking after the party and agreed that y’alls new home couldn’t have provided a better stage to offer a warm welcome to 30 of our best friends. The second that we showed up, the place was instantly filled with laughter and good conversation. We know you both did a great deal of cleaning, painting, planting, and rearranging for the party, and we could not have felt more pampered by all of your acts of service. I know we weren’t the easiest bunch to coordinate with, and there was quite a bit of back and forth with the planning, but it just goes to show how far y’alls love stretches for us! Everything about it felt like it was put together with genuine care, and our friends couldn’t stop raving about you two the entire night. From the bottom of our hearts, thank you for making us feel so incredibly celebrated! 

    We cannot tell you how grateful we are for stepping into the role of being the brains behind such a memorable shower tonight! Your games and cheeseboard were such a hit. I can't tell you how many times I heard compliments about the little details that you were responsible for. I'm so lucky to be inheriting such a fun-loving, level-headed, and ever-giving step-sister. We know you pulled from your own pocket to make this party happen and we hope you know that we will be eager to return the favor whenever it is your turn. We are so excited to see you again in just a month and a half, and even more excited to have you officially in the family for good!

    For Arranging Bachelor Trip: 
    Though it’s been seven days since my bachelor party, I am still trying to recover physically from the madness and still trying to put into words emotionally how much that trip mean to me. Having all my friends in one epic place doing bucket list-worthy activities back-to-back was unforgettable. And after spending a weekend with all of my best friends together in one place, I couldn’t help but reflect on the qualities of a good friend and the reason that I invited each person on the trip. Dylan is one of the most loyal people I have ever met. Cole has consistently been there with me over the last eight years. I really admire Will’s godliness and his appreciation for adventure. Nick is surprisingly thoughtful and is always able to remain positive. John has always been a trustworthy friend, and Jake is someone who I share lots of common interests and similar perspectives with. To me, that is enough to be content with my social circle. But thankfully God doesn’t stop at ‘enough’. Lucky for me, I have one friend who embodies all of those qualities to the max. Now, I could go on and say plenty about our friendship together, but to be honest, you alone deserve the spotlight. You stepped up to the plate without skipping a beat as soon as the bachelor planning started, and you went above and beyond in the planning process. At no point did I have to ask you for anything or worry that something might not be accounted for. I remember not being in my right mind (unfortunately on several occasions) and thinking, “I’m so glad that I can trust Brandon to make the next part of this trip go smoothly.” From bringing the tents to booking the bikes, and from collecting all of the info and alternative options to curating the video, you truly made sure everything was perfect. Bachelor parties are a once in a lifetime event, and because of you, I will now have an amazing new memory to cherish. 

    To Mom and Dad Before Wedding: 
    Now that Sami and I have our marriage license in hand, have celebrated our couples shower, and are counting down the days to the wedding, I wanted to give you guys a note just to let you know how grateful I am for all that you have done for me up to this point. 
    Mom, you have given me the three greatest gifts anyone can ever ask for. You've given me life, you've given me more than enough love, and you've given me understanding. I can't thank you enough for letting me be your little boy for so many years and for celebrating each of my birthdays so well. You've never held back on getting me everything I've ever wanted. You've also been the driving force behind every Sunday church service, every little league sports game, my admission into UT, and all the things that largely shape who I am today. You've surrounded me with people, a school, a church, and a family that I can be supported in, and you've also been both a stay at home mom and a provider for the family as well. Even amidst all of the responsibility and all the hard work, you’ve modeled a life of fun and excitement that I will always strive to embody. Dad, I can’t thank you enough for all the times that you have counseled and encouraged me through my relationship with Sami. Even before I found her, you modeled for me how to be patient, kind and a strong provider. You’ve also been a respectable, trustworthy, and self-controlled father who has been able to teach and instruct me faster than I can even learn. You’ve prepared and helped me through home ownership and you’ve even taught me how to defend and protect my future family through the 2nd amendment. You’ve been a medical counselor and a personal adviser for all major decisions in my life, and somehow, you always seem to be right. I know it’s not easy to raise a son who is always looking for the next thrill, but I really appreciate you keeping me out of trouble as a child and bailing me out in the high school years when it was inevitable. If that wasn’t enough, you also have shown me what true determination and extreme work ethic looks like. You’ve stayed in a very stressful and demanding job after all these years just to make sure that our family could go on vacation, attend private schools, buy a car with all cash, and backpack through Europe. Even today, you always find the drive to wake up early and finish a project just so your kids can be happy, and I can’t tell you how much I admire that. One of the tough things about today and this next phase of life, is that our relationship is going to change from here on out. Genesis 2:24 shows us that it has always been God’s design for man to leave his father and mother to be united to his wife so that they can become one flesh. Though it’s beautiful to hear and see this verse displayed on the wedding day, it also shows us that a man’s relationship with his parents can’t remain the same forever. Mom, I’ve heard you often quote the saying “A son is a son 'til he gets a wife, but a daughter is a daughter all her life.” Fortunately, I have a great example in Dad to follow as I learn to prioritize my wife and kids first and foremost. It’s scary to think that I will be a husband first, and a son second, but I know that you both will remind and guide me to lead well as I take the title of the head of this new household. I know you both will be great at honoring our new relationship and the independence that will inevitably follow. I love you both so much, I appreciate every thing you have done for me, and I can’t wait to officially invite Sami into the Wagman family name that I have come to be so proud of.  

For Someone Else’s Wedding:

    Thank You Text Post-Wedding: 
    Hey Sean! Thank you so much again for the invite to your wedding! Sami and I couldn't stop talking about how awesome it was! I don't think I've ever teared up at a ceremony like that before, and in fact when they both walked down the aisle, there wasn’t a dry eye in the house. Honestly, it was so great that we decided we want to write a thank you note to Sarah's parents, if that's okay. We just know expensive weddings can get, and we want to tell them how much we appreciated the hospitality. Would you mind passing along her parents names and address when you get a chance? 

    Letter to Brides Parents: 
    My name is Alex Wagman, and I'm a friend of Sean and Sarah. I wanted to write you to let you know just how much I admired the extraordinary wedding that you hosted for your daughter. My girlfriend Samantha and I loved everything about it, from the vows to the music to the pre-dinner speech, and we just wanted to thank you both for not only making it all happen, but also allowing us to attend such a memorable event as this one. When Sarah walked down the aisle, there wasn’t a dry eye in the house. You truly have raised an impressive daughter, and we can't wait to see the example she sets through her marriage with Sean. We feel so blessed to know you both, along with the whole Tomlin family! 

    Messages to Include Inside Wedding Gift: 
    Sami and I are honored by the invite and so thankful that God has knit us into y’alls lives! Can't wait for the big day to celebrate you two, tear up the dance floor, and witness all the magic moments that are bound to happen. Excited to see what the next chapter of your love story has to hold. Cheers to you guys!  

    Rehearsal Dinner Speeches: 


    For those that don’t know, Matt officiated my wedding with me and my wife Sami, and Emily gave one of the best speeches I’ve ever heard at my rehearsal dinner. Needless to say, during the dinner and during the ceremony, there were tears and there were some incredibly kind words that were said. I would love to be able to give back to both of you what you gave to me, but unfortunately I don’t think that’s possible. And I think that’s how just about everyone that’s here tonight feels. We can tell stories, we can tell inside jokes, we can look back up on old memories, but nothing that any of us will say tonight will ever be as perfect as the two of you. I would love to just see a highlight reel of all of the ways that you two have loved everyone in this room, because I truly believe it would be 10x as long as anyone else's. Both of you love others harder and deeper and wider than anyone I've ever met, and it makes sense why you have like 60 people in your wedding party. I know that the Bible is and always will be the best place to go to understand how a marriage should look, but after seeing Matt and Emily be married for the last year and watch them go through what they have gone through, I think it's the easily the second best place to turn to witness a selfless, effortful, God-honoring relationship in modern context. If anyone is on the fence about speaking tonight, I could not encourage it more. Matt and Emily have never held back a kind word to any one of us here, so here's to more speeches and to an unforgettable next 24 hours. 


    I was thinking this morning about what I wanted to say about Matt & Emily, and so many different things came to mind. Since Matt and Emily are both better speakers than me, I tried to take a page out of their book. If Emily were speaking, she would probably say some genuinely thoughtful things and focus on the love of the relationship. If Matt were speaking today he would probably quote some scripture and say something wise. Unfortunately, I’m not wise, but I was able to find some words of wisdom in the bible about love. In 1 Corinthians 13, Paul speaks to the Corinthians about what love looks like. He starts to name what love looks like, and as I was reading it, I realized that it was so easy to replace the word ‘love’ with Matt and Emily’s name. I wanted to read the verse I came across so you can see how natural it sounds too. 1 Corinthians 13:4-7 Matt and Emily are patient, and they are kind. They do not envy, they do not boast, they are not proud. They do not dishonor others, they are not self-seeking, they are not easily angered, and they keep no record of wrongs. Matt and Emily do not delight in evil but they rejoice with the truth. They always protect, always trust, always hope, always persevere. Because of this Matt and Emily’s love will never fail. This is a testament to the love that Matt and Emily have, and they’ve set an example that I think we can all follow. I love you both so much and I’m so excited to celebrate you tomorrow. Cheers! 

    So Cole, I've known you for almost 8 years. We've been roommates for 5 years, we've been through pledgeship together, we've been on multiple road trips and I feel like I know you pretty well. Holly, on the other hand, I've only known for about a year and a half. And in that year and a half, I've been able to say with absolute certainty that Holly is the perfect match for Cole. And I've actually compiled a list of 10 ways that I know Cole is right for Holly. Here they are…. 
    #1. He brought her up the first time I ever met him even though they weren't together at the time. 
    #2. She motivates him to go on runs and then bakes him cookies and cake-balls as a reward 
    #3. He's only farted in front of her once 
    #4. He still goes out of his way each week to impress her 
    #5. He facetimes her at least twice a day whenever she's away 
    #6. He loves saying that he's outkicked his coverage.
    #7. He works really hard to establish trust and love. 
    #8. He's written over 20 love songs for her. 
    #9. She stands firm in her faith and points them both towards Jesus.
    #10. He was engaged for no more than 4 months simply because he couldn't wait
    Now I don't have a ton of marriage or relationship advice to offer up, but I did think of one thing you should each keep in mind as you head into the married life. Holly, nearly 90% of Cole's problems or bad days can be resolved with a coffee, a good burger and a guitar. I know you already know that, but don't be afraid to use it often. And Cole…. It'll be really really tough....but just don't let her feed you too many cake balls. Cheers! 

    For those of you that don't know me, I'm Dylan's college friend and roommate for the last 5 years. Because I've spent the last few years with Dylan, I've been lucky enough to watch Dylan and Katie start as just friends, grow into more than friends and then eventually get engaged. Tomorrow, I get to watch them walk down the aisle together, which honestly blows my mind because just 5 years ago, Dylan would rather have hid in a closet than talk to a girl he didn't know (and that's not a joke, thats something that actually happened). Anyways, hopefully you can't tell, but I've been anxious about giving this toast all week. Mainly because Dylan is the speech giver in our friend group. He's the one that knows how to tug on all the heart strings and end a good rehearsal dinner speech in tears (even though often they are his). I've also been nervous though because I think we all known that Dylan and Katie deserve the worlds best toast. They look to each other's needs and interests before their own and they balance each other out perfectly. She's level headed and he's a feeler. She can't go a day without seeing him and he can't go a day without mentioning her. I've seen Dylan strive to become a better man for Katie and I've seen Katie comfort Dylan through seasons of high stress. Basically what I'm trying to stay is that I'm lucky to have you both in my life. Katie, you are the sweetest, most caring and most welcoming girl I know and I can’t imagine a better fit for Dylan. He’s absolutely crazy about you and he needs you in his life. Dylan, I couldn't have asked for a better roommate over the last few years. You're the most loyal friend I have, and there's a reason you have people that have traveled halfway around the world just to support and celebrate you in this moment. I know you're  going to make Katie an incredibly happy and well-loved wife. So cheers to you guys. 


    Hey everyone, my name is Alex. I'm the brother of the groom and as of today, lucky enough to also call myself the brother-in-law of the bride. As I was prepping for this speech, I realized I was in a bit of a predicament. Both Grant and Georgia know I like to write well-crafted texts, but they also know I'm addicted to AI. So standing up here, I have two goals: 1. I have to give a speech good enough to capture what we all see in them and in their relationship, but 2. I have to also make it bad enough that you still think it's me and not ChatGPT. The thing is, if I asked ChatGPT to describe my brother, it would probably use words like 'supportive' and 'caring.' And while that's true, what it wouldn't capture is that 'supportive' usually meant supporting me into whatever terrible idea either he or I’d just come up with. It wouldn't know about the air-soft wars we’d fight in our bedroom without eye protection, the wrestling matches that ended in broken arms, the fireworks we’d let off in random neighborhoods, and the series of neighborhood disturbances we orchestrated on a regular basis. But at the same time, it also wouldn’t know about the times Grant made me laugh so hard that it changed my entire mood, the times he helped distract me after a really rough day, and the time he held me and cried with me when I was at my weakest. And that's exactly why, when my wife and I found out we were pregnant with our second child - we prayed hard for another boy. I prayed specifically for God to give Walker a brother, because I wanted him to have exactly what I had. Growing up with Grant taught me that a brother isn't just family; he's your partner in crime, your built-in best friend, your lifelong teammate. And now that we have Owen, I get emotional watching Walker hug and kiss him, because watching them bond is like hitting rewind on my own childhood. I see the beginning of the same relationship that shaped every adventure, every memory, every lesson learned the hard way in my own childhood. Grant, you've been one of the most fun people to have by my side through life, and I know Georgia is going to enjoy the ride as much as I have. Now, Georgia. If I asked ChatGPT to write me something for you, it might generate some generic compliments for a bride, but it wouldn't know the real you. It wouldn't know that you have this remarkable ability to understand Grant better than anyone else in our family. I may have logged more hours with him over our lifetime, but Georgia, you've proven you can love him in a way that challenges him, grounds him, and completes him in a way I never could. What makes you truly special are the qualities that AI could list but wouldn’t truly understand. They’re the kind that sound nice on paper, but hit different when you see them in action. An AI could say you're a "good listener," but it wouldn't know the way you lean in and let someone finish their tangled thought without ever glancing at your phone. It could say you’re "patient," but it wouldn’t capture the calm, open-minded way you give Grant the space to be himself. And it could say you're "lighthearted," but it couldn’t describe the way you seek to find common ground so that people feel more comfortable and more welcomed around you. We’re so so happy to officially call you a Wagman, but you've already been part of our family for so long that today feels like we're just making official what's already been true for years. ChatGPT writes about fairy tales and perfect matches, but what I'm looking at up here is something way better, because it’s real. Grant and Georgia don't just complement each other; they multiply the good in each other's lives. Grant fills the room with stories and passionate debates, while Georgia knows exactly when a gentle word or knowing look says it all. Grant explores every hobby and possibility, while Georgia finds joy in being present for the journey. Grant brings energy and new ideas backed by extensive research, while Georgia brings a calming presence that softens his edges. Watching them together, you can't help but see God's hand in this. Proverbs 18:22 tells us, "He who finds a wife finds what is good and receives favor from the LORD." Grant, you've found something very good in Georgia. And Georgia, you've found a man who will lead your family with the same devotion he's shown as a son, brother, and friend. God knew Grant needed a man like you, Georgia. So thank you for understanding him, for making him better, and for embracing our crazy family as your own. I could keep talking about how perfect you two are together, but honestly, everyone in this room can already see it. The way you look at each other, the way you laugh together, the way you just fit … it speaks louder than any speech I could give. What you have is the real deal, and we're all here for it. So here's to Grant and Georgia - and to a lifetime of being absolutely, undeniably better together!

    Hi, my name is Alex Wagman, I’m one of Alex’s groomsman, and though I came up here to give a toast tonight, I’d also like to discuss with you all tonight a theory that I have about Alex and Rose. But before I do that, I've should probably provide some context. So I've known Alex and Rose for roughly the last 6 years, and for as long as I've known them, two things have always been constant. The first is that they’re a package deal. Anytime that I have hung out with, texted or even used their names in a sentence, it’s always been both of them together. The other thing that has always been constant, is that wherever Alex and Rose go, there is always champagne involved. Whether it's their joint bachelor/bachelorette party, an LSU football party, or a crawfish boil, you can always expect there to be plenty of champagne and bottomless momos. For most people, beer or liquor is good enough, but for Alex and Rose, you need something that feels a bit more special. So here's my theory: I think that Alex wakes up every day and truly believes in his heart of hearts that he is the luckiest man in the whole world, and I think that Rose goes to bed every night hardly believing that she found a man as kind and compassionate as Alex, and therefore, all of life is just one big celebration. Based on what I've seen, I think that they've already been celebrating this day together for several years, and we're all just here to formally witness something that they've always known was coming. So raise your champagne glasses to a couple that is better together and to the two people who will probably be celebrating this moment with more champagne for a lifetime to come. 


    It feels a little strange being up here, because I feel like I know so many things about you Sarah, but you and I have only met on one other occasion. Over the last few years, I’ve picked up on little things, like you went to A&M, you’re always outdoors, and you love to surf and water ski. But the main reason that I feel like I know you is because of all the things that I know about Will: For example, Will loves outdoor activities and adventure. In fact the first time that Will and I hung out together, we went trapeze flying in a legitimate circus tent. He was also the first person to say ‘yes’ when I recommended a “survival trip” in the Ozarks with no camping supplies and no food, and he is also one of the few people that I have a tough time keeping up with on a mountain bike or on a trail. Will also loves the Lord. Among our friend group, he’s always been the first to get deep, ask intentional questions, and offer to pray for people when things aren’t going their way. Despite leading a busy life, he makes time share the Word and serve those around him, whether it’s his YoungLife team, work colleagues, or friends. He also deeply loves you. From the change in his voice when he talks about you, to the way that he somehow tricked you into moving across state lines just to be closer to him, Will has always been captivated by you since day one. In fact, nearly every time I sent out an email to the Dudes-letter group, I would get a response from Will that was more of an update on your life rather than an update on Will’s. I have seen his enthusiasm for life increase tenfold since you've come into the picture, and his happiness radiate like never before. So Sarah, based on all of these things, here’s what I know. I know that you have eyes which see nothing but the good in people. I know that you appeal not only to Will’s eyes, but also his heart and his mind, and I know that you embody a Proverbs 31 woman. I know that you will be the greatest subject he ever talks about and the greatest adventure he ever embarks on. And lastly, I know that he would never let any distance, nervousness, or second thoughts get in his way from being with you. So Sarah, here’s to learning more about you, but not needing to in order to see that you’re perfect for Will. 


    Hey everyone, my name is Alex, and I’ve got the honor of standing up here today to talk about two of my best friends that also happen to be two of the most incredible people I know. Now I know there’s a ton of reasons that we are all here to support Nick and Avalon today and tomorrow, but I want to share a few of the reasons why I feel lucky to have both of them in my life. Now, Nick and I first met at Indeed eight years ago, and one of the things that I quickly admired about Nick was that the opinions he holds and the knowledge he has could basically come with its own podcast. He’s incredibly easy to be around, and he always has something interesting to talk about because he knows something about pretty much everything. I also admire that Nick has really high standards for himself. Whether he’s at work, the gym, or band practice, he puts 100% into whatever he does. He spends a lot of his time and effort pushing himself to be better, and therefore, I’ve never seen the guy settle for less than he sought out for. The third thing that I really admire is that he’s the glue that holds our friend-group together, and he’s got a really unique way of bringing out the best in everyone from that group. He’s the kind of guy that can always keep a positive attitude, and if good vibes were a currency, he’d definitely be a billionaire. I met Avalon pretty shortly after she met Nick, and with every stage of getting to know her, it became glaringly obvious that she was the piece Nick had always been missing. Avalon has this magnetic energy that pulls you in and makes you feel like you've known her for years, even if you've just met. Her warmth and kindness aren't just surface level; they're deeply ingrained in who she is as a person. One of the things I also admire is how smart and driven she is. She’s always been so committed to her career and her soccer team, and it’s no surprise that she has accomplished so much in both her career and personal life. But the thing that I admire about Avalon more than anything else is how much more humble she is than anyone else I know. Avalon’s the kind of person that deserves the spotlight the most, and yet wants it the least. In a world where everyone is quick to share all of their best attributes and achievements, she quietly hides hers, which I think is a huge testament to her character. I’ve seen both of them bring out a side of each other that nobody else can, and over the last 5 years, I’ve seen both of them become more open, more joyful, and more ambitious. It’s easy to see how perfect they are for each other, and in fact, when we were on Nick's bachelor trip, I asked him in what ways Avalon was similar to and different from the girl he'd always envisioned himself marrying. This is the list he gave me… Similarities: Super hot brunette. Conscientious. Driven. Someone he can envision having an amazing life with. Differences: Couldn’t think of even one. So this toast is to knowing exactly what you want, exactly what you deserve, and getting it. Cheers to you both!


    Hi everyone. For those of you who don’t know me, I’m Katherine — Grant’s little sister and Georgia’s soon-to-be sister, which is something I’m very excited about. Before I get into everything else, I need to start by thanking Grant for giving me what might be the greatest gift of all: his dog, Zoe. She is hands down the best animal to ever exist. I could go on and on about her, and I usually do. And now, just when I thought he couldn’t top himself, he and Georgia brought Cooper into the mix — my new little nephew. Sure, he might steal a little of the spotlight from Zoe, but I can’t complain. I always look forward to the weekends when Aunt Kiki gets to take care of her fur babies and they sleep in my bed like the royalty they are. But moving on to the real reason we’re here today. Growing up with Grant as my older brother has been one of the biggest joys of my life. He’s the sibling closest to me in age, so he always felt the most relatable — whether it was knowing the same music, the same TV shows, or just being someone I could go to when I needed to talk about something that felt big at the time.
    Grant has always been the jokester of the family. If he’s in the room, you know you’re going to be laughing — real, stomach-hurting, can't-catch-your-breath kind of laughter. He’s the kind of person who just brings joy with him wherever he goes. But he’s also incredibly caring and thoughtful. I’ll never forget walking by the laundry room one day when we were younger and seeing the door cracked open. I peeked in and saw him crying while reading Marley and Me — just fully emotional over this dog. And I remember thinking, Wow… he actually has emotions.  Which was a shock, because this is the same guy who used to roll me up in a blanket like a burrito and launch me off the bed. So yeah — it was a nice reminder that underneath the big brother chaos, there’s always been this soft, emotional side of him too. That heart is something I’ve gotten to see more and more of since Georgia came into his life. Georgia brings out the most tender, grounded version of Grant — the one that listens deeply and loves even more deeply. She’s calm (which is rare in my family), she’s fun, and she’s made it clear from the beginning that she was meant to be part of our family. One of the easiest things for me has been connecting with Georgia. She’s actually even closer to me in age than Grant is, so I never had to try hard to find things to talk about — we just clicked. It can’t be easy walking into our family, where everyone talks loudly and all at once, and no one holds back their opinions — but Georgia has done it with such grace. She listens, she laughs with us, and she makes space for everyone. And I love her for that. Her bachelorette trip will always hold a special place in my heart. We sat next to each other at almost every dinner, talking about life and what the future was going to look like. We laughed nonstop, cuddled in bed like we were already sisters, and just kept saying how crazy it was that we were actually about to be sisters. I’ve been lucky enough to be really close with all the significant others who’ve joined our family — but with the first two, I met them when I was younger. They saw me grow up, and I got to watch my relationships with them form over time. What’s felt so special about Georgia is that I met her as an adult. And even without a childhood of memories, our connection has felt just as natural — just as real. It means a lot to build that kind of bond later in life, where you’re choosing each other not just as family, but as friends. Georgia, thank you for being exactly who you are — and for loving my brother the way that you do Grant, I love you, and I’m so proud of the man you’ve become. I’m honored to call you my brother, lucky to have you in my life, and I can’t wait to see how God shines on and through your relationship together. Cheers to Grant and Georgia


    Common Rehearsal Dinner Tropes: 
        “Partners in Crime → Partners for Life.” Swap goofy tales of shared mischief for how the bride is now his favorite accomplice.
        Opposites Perfectly Attract. Their quirks clash on paper but lock together like puzzle pieces.
        Family Expansion Pack. “I didn’t lose a brother; I gained a sister.”
        Great Expectations, Greater Reality. He dreamt of “the one,” and she somehow beats the Pinterest board.
        Iron Sharpens Iron. Proverbs 27:17—how they refine each other’s character.
        “I Called It!” You knew from date #1 they’d end up here—cue playful told-you-so.
        Better Half? Better Whole. They don’t complete but complement—two wholes making something richer.
        Marriage is a lot like → [whatever their mutual hobby is ex: watching survivor, love island, working out]



    Day of Someone’s Wedding: 
    It’s the big day!!! I’m sure you’re feeling a strange mixture of emotions right now, and having been in your spot, I know that there will be plenty more to come. If you’re feeling anxious, just remember that despite all the craziness and chaos, you get to experience today with the person who makes you feel the most secure. If you’re feeling overwhelmed, please know that this is your day, and you can delegate and hand-off just about anything you want (and I will willingly volunteer for any task you have in mind). If you’re feeling excited, be mindful that today will go quickly and you have to be intentional about soaking up and taking in every minute you can. I can’t thank you enough for letting Sami and I be here on this special day, and even if you guys got married behind a dumpster, we’d remember it as one of our favorite weddings because of how amazing you two are! 

    Wedding Shower: 
    Holy crap! You guys did it! 15 whole freakin’ years!? It’s about time we had this party! I know I have only been around to witness the last 4 or 5 years of you two lovebirds just loving on each other, but I can only imagine that you’ve been absolutely attached at the hip since the beginning. Lauren, it’s obvious that you can’t go a day without seeing John, and John, I don’t think I’ve ever spoken to you without hearing you mention Lauren. I really admire how you both look to each other's needs and interests before your own and also how you balance each other out perfectly. Sami and I have been so excited to celebrate you both today, but it’s hard to overstate how happy we will be when we get to witness two of our best friends getting married to each other in 48 days! Lauren, you’re going to make a lot of men jealous of John when you finally say “I do”. And John, I can already tell that you are going to make Lauren an incredibly happy and well-loved wife. I’m so glad that Sami and I were knit into y’alls lives these past few years, and we feel so lucky to have had a front row seat to watch your love story unfold. Cheers to you guys!  

    After Bachelor Party Text: 
    Willy T! Not sure how long it's going to take for the hangover to go away, but I can tell you that the memories I made from the last few days won't be going anywhere. Couple shoutouts: #1. You're incredibly easy to celebrate and I think you chose the perfect venue and house to do it #2. You’ve got such a solid crew of friends and I think that’s a big testament to your own character #3. It’s truly an honor to be one of your groomsmen and weeks like this one get me even more excited for the actual wedding day. You're an amazing friend and I hope we continue to cross off bucket-list type experiences together for many many years to come. 


    Wedding Wishes When You Can’t Attend: Though we can’t physically be there, our hearts are definitely celebrating right alongside you. We promise we’re sending plenty of hugs, love, and prayers your way. If marriage has taught us anything, it’s that the journey just keeps getting sweeter, deeper, and richer. We know yours will be no exception. Enjoy every minute, soak it all in, and we absolutely can’t wait to see pictures and hear all about it soon. Love you tons and wishing you nothing but the absolute best as you say your “ forever I do’s” to Brandon!

Anniversary Wishes:

    Happy anniversary Brandon and Caroline! It’s time to celebrate all over again. I know you guys have a packed-day ahead of you, but Sami and I just wanted to say that you two have done an incredible job of ‘leading the pack’ and setting the tone for what marriage should look like amongst our friend group. We admire the way you both try to out-love each other every day, and think all couples could benefit from taking a page out of the Daniels’ book. We know the Bible is the ultimate touchstone of what marriage should look like, but it’s uncanny how easy it is to replace the word ‘love’ in verses like 1 Corinthians 13 with the words ‘Brandon and Caroline’. To this day, I don’t think I have teared up at a wedding as much as I did at y’all’s. We both hope today is another memorable page in the beautiful story that you two have written together. Cheers to another love-filled year together and to a lifetime of happiness! Oh, and send us some fun photos if you take any later tonight! 


    Emily & Matt…HAPPY ANNIVERSARY! I know today is all about you two, but I’ve spent the last few minutes thinking about Avery and Charlie. I can think of at least a dozen reasons they are lucky to have you two as parents, but the fact that they get to see your marriage unfold in real-time and your love on display is probably number one. At Avery's age, she's watching EVERYTHING - the way you two speak to each other, the way you laugh with each other, and even the way you tag-team bedtime routines. Every little interaction is a live master‑class in teamwork and tenderness that she gets to learn from. And even though Charlie is still figuring everything out, I bet he already knows and feels the unconditional love that fills that house. The way you both rush to comfort him, support each other through 3am wake-ups, and take turns cradling him during nap times - that's the foundation he's building his whole world on. It’s amazing to think that my niece and my nephew are going to grow up knowing what genuine respect looks like, what healthy communication sounds like, and what real love feels like in a relationship because of your marriage. You're showing them what love looks like in practice, and that's going to shape every relationship they have for the rest of their lives. Anyways, that’s a long-winded way of me saying “happy anniversary and great job”. Avery and Charlie may be the only ones with a front row seat, but they’re not the only ones who are taking notes 😉 We love you guys so much and can’t wait to hear all about your day tomorrow! 


    Happy Anniversary John and Lauren! Hard to believe another year has flown by. I know we haven’t seen y’all in a while, but I’m sure that Sage is learning so much about what loving relationships look like just by watching the two of you navigate life together. I hope y’all get a chance to celebrate today, even if it's just stealing a quiet moment after bedtime. I’ll be cracking a cold Natty light in your honor today, and raising one up to many more great years ahead!


    Happy anniversary you guys! Time to celebrate all over again, and this time as a family of three! Please send us some fun photos if you take any later today!



    Happy Anniversary, you two!  I came across a research article the other day that you might find interesting. According to a meta‑analysis of 126 studies, high‑quality marriages boost health as much as clean eating or exercise. Which means the two of you are basically a joint gym membership, a kale smoothie, and 10 000 daily steps all rolled into one adorable, PDA‑filled package. In fact, at this rate, you both might live forever 😲. Keep making it look easy, and please bottle whatever magic you’ve got going on, because I’d like a subscription.


    Happy Anniversary, you two! We wish we could’ve known you guys just a few years earlier to have experienced your wedding first-hand, but we can confidently say that watching y’all actually ‘be’ married has been as fun as any wedding ever could be. Your relationship is a beautiful reminder that movie-style love still exists in this crazy world. We hope today is filled with fancy champagne, old stories, new memories, and lots of love. If you find the time, please bombard us with photos of how you spend your day! 


    Happy Anniversary, Grant and Georgia! Anniversaries are a great reminder that love isn't just the exciting beginning of a story, but also the countless middle chapters where the real magic happens. As much as I loved every minute of your wedding, I have equally loved watching the beautiful chapters that you two have written together since that day. It's clear to me that God knew Grant needed a woman like Georgia, and God knew Georgia needed a man like Grant. And thanks to Him, there have been countless late-night talks, inside jokes, spontaneous road trips, and quiet prayers that have stitched your story together since you said “I do”. I hope you find time tonight to raise a glass to all the years behind you and all the ones ahead!



    Guys it’s your anniversary again!! Hope y’all were able to spend some time today going through old photos/stories and remembering how lucky you are to have found each other! We love your love so much! 


    Happy anniversary Matt and Nicole! Your love story continues to be one of my absolute favorites. Whenever we see you two together, there's a spark that undeniably makes people pause and think, 'I want what they have.' Wishing you another year full of that same joy, laughter, and love that makes your marriage so special.


    Happy anniversary Danielle and Connor! I think by now you guys know I’m a bit of a nut job, so I wanted to share something wacky that I recently heard while watching WAY too much television on paternity leave… I learned that there’s a species of fish, called an anglerfish, that lives deep in the ocean, and apparently the male fish spends the first half of its life looking for a fierce female to pair up with. As soon as it finds the right one, it lures her in with a bio-luminescent antenna-like organ and then bites into her skin. What’s crazy is that it holds on for so long that, over time, their circulatory systems merge, and the two fish physically turn into one… so what used to be the males testes now serves as a ready source of sperm for the female. It’s absolutely barbaric and beautiful at the same time! And if you haven’t figured it out already, I’m sharing this because I can’t think of a couple whose love story better mirrors these deep sea-lovebirds than you two. You guys are inseparably close, you’re always lighting up each others lives, and now that y’all are married, you are indisputably better as one. I hope today is another memorable page in the awesome story that you two have written together, and I hope that there are fierce little anglerfish babies coming in the not-too-distant future! Regardless, can’t wait to celebrate many more years to come of you two being attached at the hips and at the gills!


    Nina and Papa! I know you guys are doing your own celebrations today, but I wanted to send a quick text to acknowledge y’alls extraordinary journey of 65 years together! From welcoming me into your home for that year we lived together to patiently teaching me everything from proper golf swings to proper manners, you've shaped who I am in countless ways. The lessons on cooking German specialties, making wise investments, and treating others with kindness have become the foundation of how I navigate life. Clearly you guys are both amazing individually, but I think y'all are especially amazing together. You both have complementary character traits that I think perfectly embodies the synergistic effect of 1x1= 3! The way you two carried your love story across oceans and decades, while keeping what matters most intact, is something I deeply admire. Thank you for building a family where hugs are plentiful, faith is steady, and there’s always an extra plate at the table. Here's to another year of your adventures together! May it bring more of those incredible meals we gather around and more moments for us to treasure together as a family. Love you both more than I can text in one bubble!


Baby Shower Thank-Yous: 


    CLAYS! You guys are just the best! We cannot tell you how incredibly loved we felt opening your gift. From your sweet notes to the perfect book, and the much-needed swaddle, you had both of us in full smiles. I can tell you put a lot of thought into picking something that’s just our style and so practical for what’s coming next. It means a lot that you took the time to think about what would make our life easier and more joyful as we enter this crazy world of parenting. In a season of change and endless to-dos, it's wonderful to be reminded that we're loved and thought of. Our baby is already so lucky to have you as a part of their life, and we can’t wait for them to grow up surrounded by such great friends. So excited for you to meet our little one!


    Camille and Cooper, Thank you both for taking time out of your busy weekend to spoil us at our baby shower. Time may have been brief, but the impact was massive, as always. You guys nailed it with all of the baby cleaning products and spill-proof carseat cover that I know will give us peace of mind as new parents. It’s like you guys have done this before or something 😉. Over the years, you two have been more than a friend; you’ve been a mentor and a guide. Now, not only will our baby will be able to inherit the wisdom you’ve shared with us, but it’ll also benefit as well through these generous gifts. Can’t wait to catch up soon and share all our baby milestones with you! - Alex, Sami, and Baby Wagman 


    Krystal and Darrik! Thank you so much for being a part of this exciting new chapter in our lives! Your presence at the baby shower was a gift itself. And speaking of gifts—wow! That handmade baby quilt is absolutely stunning and way too stinking cute. We can already picture snuggling up with our little one in it. Plus, each book and toy you picked will be gifts that keep on giving as we try to raise a curious and well-rounded kiddo. We were discussing the traits we cherish in friends, and "empathy" and "creativity" came up. No surprise, you both instantly popped into our minds. You've been such an uplifting and creative force in our lives. Can't wait to spoil you two when it’s your turn.


    You nailed it with the highchair—it's both stylish and functional. I already know that it's going to get a ton of use! And because it's so easy to clean, it saves us a lot of hassle. Also, those diapers and wipes will make the initial months so much easier for us. I can already hear future me saying "Thank God for Brandon!" More importantly, thank you for always being there for us. Your constant support and thoughtful gestures never cease to amaze us. You are the true definition of a steadfast friend. We're already looking forward to having you over to meet the newest member of our family, and sharing in the ups and downs of parenthood with you! Photos to come!

    Will and Sarah! We missed you at the baby shower, but please know your presence was felt when we opened your generous gift. Your thoughtfulness definitely came through loud and clear! We’d been eyeing this stroller for weeks because we know it’s going to make our lives so much easier. We’ve already given it a test drive (around the living room, for now), but can’t wait for the real test when the baby comes. As for the gift card, we'll use it for those last-minute baby essentials that we've definitely forgotten. As we venture into this parenthood journey, we're thankful to have such reliable and caring friends in our corner. We can't wait for you to meet the little one! Hope to see you soon! 

    Uncle Brad and Aunt Sarah, I wanted to say a BIG thank you for the money you sent me! Even though I'm not officially here yet, y’alls kindness and generosity have already filled my world with so much love and excitement. With your sweet gift, my parents are already brainstorming all kinds of baby stuff we might need. I'm thinking I might want some Ole Miss Rebel gear for when we go to a football game together, we can all match and be the best looking Rebel trio at the stadium. From everything my parents have told me, I can already tell you two are going to be some of my favorite people! Thank you again for taking such good care of me and my parents. Your kindness means more than you know, and I'm looking forward to the day when I can thank you in person with lots of baby cuddles and hugs.

    Frank and Susan, You guys are just the best! We cannot tell you how incredibly loved we felt opening these sleep sacks, and the literal treasure trove of things you bought for us. Your sweet gift is not something that we expected, but I know it's something we will remember for a long time. In fact, I can tell, just by your kindness, how much your faith matters to you. You've not only set a strong, Christ-like example for your kids to follow, but also for myself, and I hope that one day we can be half the parents that you guys have been to Bill, Blake, and Brandon. As we venture into this parenthood journey, we're grateful to be connected to such wonderful people. Thank you from the depths of our hearts for your love, support, and generosity.


    I don’t even have the words to express how much your love and kindness mean to me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for planning, helping and hosting Owen’s baby sprinkle. Though I haven’t seen it just yet, I already know it’s going to be beautiful—because I know you! I know you’ve put so much thought into every little detail, making everything just right, and that means the world to me. Your time, effort, and love don’t go unnoticed—especially since you so graciously volunteered for this! You didn’t have to, but you did it anyway, and that speaks volumes about the kind of friend you are. I feel so incredibly loved, and I can’t wait to tell Owen all about the amazing aunties who celebrated him before he even arrived. One day, he’ll get to love on you just like you’ve loved on us. Thank you for making this season/today so special, bringing me joy and for being the kind of friend who always shows up, serves and supports with a full and giving heart! My family and I are so lucky to have you! 


    Britt & Marty, I don’t know how we ended up with friends as wonderful as you, but I’m so grateful we did. Britt, you put so much love and effort into making Owen’s sprinkle perfect, and as if that wasn’t enough, you and Marty went all out spoiling all of us with the most thoughtful gifts! That sensory table is perfect—not just for Owen but for Walker too. I can already picture them side by side, scooping, pouring, splashing, and creating the kind of chaos that makes childhood so magical. I have no doubt it’ll become a daily favorite (for them) and a never-ending clean-up job (for me, haha). But honestly, when we’re finally able to watch them play together—giggling and figuring things out side by side—I know it’s going to be the best gift of all. I can’t thank you enough for make that possible and creating fun memories for them and for us. Alex and I feel so fortunate to have you both in our lives—not just because of your generosity (which is truly next level), but because of the kind, genuine, and all-around amazing friends you are. We love y’all and appreciate you both so much. 


Mourning/Loss:


    Ways to let them know there’s no obligation to respond:

    Hey Manoj, I wanted to just let you know that I am incredibly sorry to hear about your dad. This is the first I am hearing of it, and I can't imagine the depth of your pain. For the little time that I’ve known you, you've been an amazing person to be around and I'm sure a lot of that stems from your family, and especially your father. I know words fall short during times like these, but I just wanted to let you know that my heart is breaking for you bud


    I've re-read this text 20 times and just keep staring at my phone not knowing how to respond or what to say. The only thing that keeps coming out is how much we love you both and how badly we just want to hug you guys. The Bible tells us to bear one another’s burdens, and though I know you are hurting and grieving right now, know that we will be looking for ways to lighten your load in the coming days. If you think of ways we can help support you, please tell us, otherwise we will be stepping in however we can. No need to respond to this text, but I wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you. Please send prayer requests our way as they come in the future.  


    You’re wrapped in prayers, buoyed by friends who truly care, and held by God’s love that endures even the hardest seasons. 

    Hey Sean, I just heard from Caroline about your dad. I’m so sorry, man! I know that y’all had a unique relationship, and things weren’t always easy, but I also know that as your father, he meant the world to you and shaped who you are today in so many ways. Sami and I are praying for you and your family as we speak! We love you guys.


    You’re now on my prayer journal, and I’ll be praying for you daily! 


    Remember that nothing will enter your life that has not been first sifted through the hands of God, which are nail-scarred hands of mercy and love.


    Just took time to pray for both of you as well as Theo. We love you guys a ton.

    Just remember, scripture doesn’t call us to process or deal with situations like this all at once. It calls us to walk (not sprint) through suffering, to grieve and weep, to trust and pray, to think, thank, and love, and to hope.


    Wow….. that is so heavy and I can’t even imagine how hard that must be to walk through. 
    I’m grieving alongside you and Sami with this news and am committing to praying for protection/provision over Owen, and for the Lords comfort/presence to be with y’all going forward. Can you send me your home address? Would love to send you some encouragement but just don’t think writing it over text would suffice. If it’s okay, I’d love to get a prayer list or schedule going for you and your family. Either way, love you man and so sorry you’re having to walk through this. 


    I couldn’t come close to putting in the right words of strength and encouragement you deserve to read this morning. This news has brought me to knees in constant prayer to our Lord. Nicole, Charlotte and I have been intently praying every night for Walker’s baby brother or sister to be healed. I personally have witnessed the power of prayer and miracles healing friends and family members and I will fervently continue daily prayers for your new son/daughter. Please know you can turn to us always.


    I can’t comprehend the full weight of what you’re carrying right now, but I want to help you carry it. Would it help if I brought over a meal, ran some errands for you, or just sat with you for a while? Is there something on your plate that I could take care of for you this week? Even if it’s something small, I’d love to do something to lighten your load—what could that be?


    Hey guys, as I’ve been praying for you and Owen these past few days, I’ve found myself asking God for ways to support you more fully. I know that the weight of Owen’s diagnosis is one that no parent should have to carry alone, so if you are okay with it, I would love to fast on your behalf, standing with you in faith and asking for God’s intervention and care in a deeply focused way. In Scripture, fasting is often tied to seeking God’s guidance, provision, and healing during pivotal or challenging moments. 
    Ezra called for a fast as they sought God’s protection (Ezra 8:21-23). 
    In a time of deep sorrow, David fasted for seven days, pleading with God for the life of his child (2 Samuel 12:16-18).
    Jesus Himself fasted as He prepared for His earthly ministry (Matthew 4:1-2). 
    When Daniel fasted and sought God in prayer during a time of uncertainty, his faith was rewarded with divine understanding (Daniel 10:2-3, 12). 
    Elijah fasted out of exhaustion and despair, and God met him with strength and provision to continue his journey (1 Kings 19:4-8). 
    When Jehoshaphat faced overwhelming odds, he proclaimed a fast throughout Judah to ask for God’s deliverance (2 Chronicles 20:3-4). 
    And in Isaiah 58:6, we’re reminded that true fasting is about seeking God’s power where we feel most powerless. 
    Right now, Owen’s precious life, his journey ahead, and the strength of your family are the focus of my prayers. Through fasting, I want to ask God for His healing hand over Owen’s heart, for His peace to envelop both of you, and for His provision in every need—medical, emotional, and spiritual. I also pray that through this journey, God’s love and faithfulness will shine brightly in your lives, even on the hardest days. I admire the honesty and vulnerability you’ve shown as you navigate this road together. Please let me know if there are other ways I can support you, specific things you want me to pray for, or even if you’d like me to organize others to join this fast. Your family is deeply loved, by me and by the One who holds Owen in His hands. 


    I know you're probably overwhelmed with calls and messages right now, so I'm not going to add to that today. But I want you to know that I care about you and am here for you. If it’s okay with you, I’m going to call you this Saturday at 3pm, in case you need a distraction or want to chat. This is just my way of showing you that you’re in my thoughts and you’re not alone. Please don't feel obligated to pick up if you're not ready to talk, but know that whether or not you do, I’ll be praying for you right before I call. Love you brother! 


    Hey Brett. Just wanted to let you know that your daughter and I watched the memorial service and burial, and all I can say is I’m speechless. The videos had Sami and I both in tears. I wish I had the chance to know him in his younger years, because it’s clear that your father was a one of a kind man, and I cant imagine how proud you are to carry on the Pendergast name in his honor. I know he was your hero, but don’t forget that you hold the same hero status in your sweet daughters eyes. We’re here for you and we love you Brett! 

    My heart has been breaking for you Bob. I’ve been thinking about Abby for the last couple of hours, and even still, I cannot possibly imagine how you feel. You’ve been such a good husband to her, and while I cannot even begin to think what the last few days have been like, I know that she was lucky to have you with her every step of the way. I hope it’s okay if I check in with you over the next couple of weeks. 

    Death of Pet: McKenna just told me about Bella. I’m so so sorry for y’all’s loss. Bella was so beautiful, so sweet, and such a good girl. She lived an amazing life and was so lucky to have you as a momma. Heaven is filled with love and lots of space to sunbathe, so I’m sure Bella will feel right at home. Your family gave her the best home she could’ve gotten on earth. 


    Oh no… Nina, I’m so sorry!!! I can’t imagine how you’re feeling. I know how much Lily meant to you and how special your bond was. She was literally your best friend. She was such a wonderful companion and brought so much joy into yalls life. It’s so hard to say goodbye to someone who’s been such an important part of your world for so long - but she lived an amazing life with you!! And you’re right, the last thing you ever want is for Lily to suffer. I wish we were there with you to grab dinner or lunch!


    I am so sorry you lost someone so special! I know she’ll leave lots of paw prints and happy memories in our hearts.  

    I'm so sorry to hear that, Toni! Sami and I won't stop praying with his passing, we're just going to ask God to give you and the rest of the family sweeter moments, lighter pains, and strength through it all. We want to send flowers to the funeral as soon as it's arranged. Please let us know when you get the details! 


    Miscarriage: Sami and I have been thinking about you two for the last hour, and even still, cannot possibly imagine how either of you feel. We just wanted to let you know that our heart is breaking for you, and that we'll be praying for you two to have sweeter moments, lighter pains, and strength through it all. Please don’t feel the need to respond to this text, as I know that you are going through a lot right now, we just wanted to let you know that we are here for you and we love you both! 


    Nicole and Matt, I can’t imagine the depth of your pain right now. I know this news must be incredibly hard to process, and in times like these, words often fall short. The book of Psalms reminds us that God is near to the broken-hearted and He understands our grief more than we can fathom. It also teaches us that it’s not wrong to grieve, nor to question. God is big enough to handle our doubts and our pain. He sees every tear, and this period of sorrow doesn't diminish the love and plans He has for you both. The body of Christ is meant for times like this, so if you feel up to it, I’d love to drop by sometime soon. Just to sit with you, share a cup of tea/coffee, or talk if you feel like it. We prayed for you both before sending this text and will continue to pray for you daily. 


    Thinking of you ❤️


    You’ve been on my mind a lot lately but I never know how to approach these conversations of asking how you are in a season that feels infinitely hard. Your heart and head must be pulled in so many directions. Please just know that we love you and we are thinking of you. 


    Hey Laura, it's Alex Wagman. I just wanted to let you know that I heard the news, I read some of Carly's and your recent posts, and I’m speechless. I have so many amazing memories with Carly, and to say that my family and I will miss her doesn’t even begin to do justice to the ache that I know this will leave in our hearts. I loved her humor and her laugh and will never forget how quickly she could turn a moment of stress and make it lighthearted and funny. She brought so much life to a party and so much playfulness to a conversation. I don’t think that I will ever witness as much courage and strength as she displayed through her life, and I know that her name, her strength, and her character will carry a legacy of inspiration to anyone who learns about Ewing's sarcoma. Your daughter was a one of a kind, and we will be grieving with you deeply. It’s an honor to have known such a great person. Please don’t feel the need to respond to this text, as I know that you are going through a lot right now. I just wanted to let you know how much she meant to me, and let you know that we will be praying for you daily. 


    Hey Ryder, I was thinking about you and wanted to share a few thoughts that I hope bring some comfort and encouragement during this time. Losing a job is incredibly hard, and it’s completely normal to feel grieved and overwhelmed by the situation. I wanted to share something that I recently learned from reading 1 Peter 1. It says that our faith, which is more precious than gold, is tested by fire. Just like metals that are purified through heat, our faith is strengthened and proven genuine through challenges. It’s not about pretending everything is okay or feeling like you have to be superhuman. It’s about trusting that there’s a purpose behind the trials, even when it feels really heavy. I know this period feels like a storm, but I believe that you are being shaped, and strengthened, and refined in ways that will ultimately bring out the best in you. Sometimes, it’s in the hardest moments that we discover how strong we truly are and how deep our faith runs. Even though you might not see it now, there’s a joy and glory that comes from enduring through these trials with faith. I’m here for you, praying for you, and believing with you that better days are ahead. Hang in there, my friend. You’re stronger than you know, and you have so much to offer. 

    I am so sorry to hear about your mother-in-law. Aging parents is something that is so challenging, even when they have lived a wonderful life. Jesus, I lift up Missy, her husband, and father-in-law. During this difficult time, I pray that you will give them peace and that they know you continue to hold them in the palm of Your hand. Lord, you bare scars of your own as a precious reminder that we can trust you with our wounds, so please comfort the Wagman family in every way that they need it. May the next few days be filled with love and memories of her mother-in-law. Lord, hear our prayers. 


    Bob, we just heard the news…. I can’t imagine how infinitely long and hard this week must have been. Your heart and head must be pulled in so many directions. I know that no one can fully understand the shock, the pain or all the anxious thoughts you’re dealing with right now, but the Wagmans are going to do everything we can to learn about DLBCL so that we can better walk beside you, pray for you, and support you. As for right now, are there any ways we can be specifically lifting you up in prayer?


    Hey Bob, Missy just told us what’s going on, and my heart is absolutely broken for you. I hate that you’re having to walk through something so painful and scary, but please know we are praying so hard for you. We’ll be your prayer warriors, just like you were for us with Owen. When we first found out about Owen’s heart, I remember feeling so heartbroken and afraid of what was ahead … all the surgeries, the unknowns, the waiting. I imagine you might be feeling some of those same things right now. One verse that brought me comfort back then wasn’t one of the typical “find comfort in the Lord” ones, but the moment when Jesus wept and asked God where He was. It reminded me that even in deep pain, Jesus understands our sadness and even when He doesn’t feel near, He is. During that time, a really really good man sent us the song “Even If” by MercyMe, and I’ll never forget it. I used to sit there and just listen on repeat … crying, praying, and somehow finding peace in the middle of it all. There’s a line that says, “It’s easy to sing when there’s nothing to bring me down, but what will I say when I’m held to the flame like I am right now?” That part always stopped me in my tracks because it’s so real. It’s easy to praise God when life feels steady, but when we’re standing in the fire - when everything hurts and the future feels uncertain - that’s when our faith feels tested the most. But that’s also when God’s light shines the brightest through people like you. Your faith has always been steady and strong, the kind that doesn’t waver when things get hard and I know that same faith will carry you through this too. God never wastes our pain. He uses it to draw us closer to Him and to show others what unwavering trust looks like.. Even in the hardest moments, He’s holding you, wrapping you in His grace, and giving you strength one day at a time. Another line that always gets me is, “I know the sorrow, and I know the hurt, would all go away if You’d just say the word…” I remember thinking how true that felt - that ache of wanting God to step in and make it all better, to take away the pain. But even in that longing, the song reminds us of such a powerful truth: “Even if You don’t, my hope is You alone.” That line carried me through so many nights when I didn’t have the words to pray or didn’t even want to. It’s a reminder that God is still good, even when life doesn’t make sense. He hurts and mourns with us, and He never leaves our side. You’re such a good, kind, and faithful man, Bob. It’s hard to understand why someone like you has to go through something like this, but I truly believe God is walking right beside you, holding you up when you don’t have the strength to stand on your own. Please know that we love you, we’re praying for you every single day, and if you ever need someone to sit with you during treatment or just keep you company, we’re here. You’re not alone in this — we’re with you every step of the way!🧡💪🏼🤘🏼


    Breakup: Dude, my heart is breaking for you, Logan. You’re probably feeling all kinds of things that you weren’t expecting. I know you guys have been together forever, so I'm sure it feels like losing a part of you. I know that a lot has to happen before the healing starts, but whatever the next few weeks has to hold, I want to be there for you however possible. If you need a place to stay, need someone to listen, need someone to bounce ideas off of (Sami and I have broken up several times), I'm here for ya brother! Don't even think about work, I'll step up however I can to lead for as long as you need. 


    Breakup (Indirect Check-In): Hey McKenna, I don’t want to intrude or be unnecessarily involved in the matter, but wanted to check in on Connor indirectly. You think there is anything in this situation that would be helpful? i.e. a call, text, hang, meal, etc. My gut tells me ‘no’ but curious to see if there’s anything from your perspective that might be helpful and not hurtful.


    I’m so sorry to hear that, Marty. That’s never easy, no matter how young or old they are. I’m actually in the middle of watching something right now called After Death. Not sure whether you are wrestling with the loss or not, but I think that movie (or the book which I’m also reading right now that’s called Imagine the God of Heaven) could be incredibly comforting for you. It’s given me a whole new sense of peace around death and loss. If you and Britt find a spare moment this weekend, I highly recommend it. 

    Just writing to let you know that we are still thinking about you Andy man. Though many things have returned back to normal, we are aware that there will always be a lingering ache for your mother and the way things used to be. We have so many amazing memories with Abby, and to say that we will miss her doesn’t even begin to do justice to the hole that I know she will leave in our hearts. The world lost a cheerful giver, a sweet smile, a caring nurse, and a proud mother. You should be proud to carry-on many of the qualities that she embodied and instilled in you, because whether you recognize them or not, they come out every time we see you. We’re not going to stop praying now with her passing, we are just going to pray for sweeter moments, lighter pains, and strength through it all. Whatever combination of sadness, anger, and disbelief you might be feeling, I hope you remember that it's okay not to be okay. We love you! Revelation 21:4 - “He will wipe away every tear from their eyes, and death shall be no more, neither shall there be mourning, nor crying, nor pain anymore, for the former things have passed away.”

    Missy, we apologize for how delayed this card is, but still wanted to remind you of how great you are. It's so easy to forget about the people in the background when tragedy hits or something sad happens. I cant' image how hard it was for you to lose someone who had been in your life for more than 30 years. My heart hurts even trying to think about what it would be like to lose my mother-in-law. Though you were in pain and grieving yourself, you carried yourself with such grace and strength. You stepped up for Andy and the family when they needed you most. You welcomed everyone with open arms, fed everyone a warm meal, gave us a clean and comfortable place to stay all while keeping us entertained and distracted. While none of that is easy, you did it on top of a full day’s work at an already exhausting job. We just wanted to let you know that all of your effort did not go unnoticed. You're a wonder woman and should be so proud of yourself and who you are. You're such a selfless daughter, wife, mom, mother-in-law, and friend. We are so lucky to have someone like you to hold this family together. Thanks for being you and loving us so well. This family needs you, always! 


    I hope you’re doing well today, or at least better than when we last spoke. I’ve been thinking a lot about our conversation and everything you’re going through. I recently read Isaiah 41:10, which says, “So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.” I know you already know it, but I wanted to remind you in this moment that God’s got this, and He’s got you. Sami and I are still praying for you every day and trusting that God’s grace will see you through this difficult time. 


    Hey Ryder, wanted to let you know I’ll be praying for you this week. Specifically, I’ll be praying for:
    Mental rest and peace amidst all the uncertainties.
    Success and fulfillment in your career endeavors.
    Extra joyful moments in your family life.
    Let me know if there are any other prayers that I can be lifting up for you over the next several days.


    Started the morning off by praying for your kids, your decision, your mom, and your unrest. I don't know a lot about the details of your struggles, but I know that even if nothing goes your way this week, you are still an all-star mom, a well-deserving wife, a heroic daughter, and a cherished child of God. Life may seem unmanageable, but God is in control and God is good. Though Psalm 23:1-4 and John 14:27 are often quoted verses, they are great assurances during times like these. I have struggled a lot with anxiety in the past, and just when I thought it would never go away, God lifted me out of it. I know it can be tough to pray during a time where words don't come easy, so here are some short prayers I would turn to in moments of panic: “ “ If you will let us, Sami and I would love to babysit the kids whenever it is convenient for you and Claude. If you both plan a date night, we will do whatever we can to make ourselves available to help out! 

    Hey Brett, Sami and I have been praying for you in every way we can. I can’t say anything that’s more comforting than what we already find in the Bible so I thought I’d share these two verses. Psalm 34:18 ("The Lord is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit.") Isaiah 41:10 ("So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you; I will uphold you with my righteous right hand.") I can’t imagine what you went through yesterday and I can’t claim to say everything happens for a good reason, but I do know that He’ll be near to you, He’ll strengthen you, and He’s got a powerful enough right hand for the both of you.👋🏼 Love you!

    Our bad things will turn out for good (Rom 8:28), Our good things can never be taken away from us (Ps 4:6–7), and The best things are yet to come (1 Cor 2:9)


    God gave the Israelites one day’s worth of food at a time and Jesus taught His friends to pray for their daily bread, not a lifetimes worth of bread all at once. 

    Feeling Exhausted and Powerless: 

    Hey Claude, I hope you don’t mind me sharing, but I was reading through Purpose Driven Life this morning and there were a few things that jumped out to me. I wanted to send it your way because I feel like it could strike a chord with you just like it did with me. None of it’s new, yet they are powerful reminders when we need to hear them most: “My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness. Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me.” - 2 Corinthians 12. “Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.” - Matthew 5. "So do not fear, for I am with you; do not be dismayed, for I am your God. I will strengthen you and help you.” - Isaiah 41:10. I hope this Friday and this weekend brings lots of rest and restoration. I’ve still got a voucher for two kid-free, work-free, and responsibility-free float tanks 😉

    I’ve never been in your shoes before and don’t know what to say in this situation but I was praying this morning and God led me to this verse: “The LORD said to him, ‘Who has made man’s mouth? Or who makes him mute or deaf, or seeing or blind? Is it not I, the LORD?’” Exodus 4:11. It’s truly impossible to see what God is doing in this situation, but just like He had a greater plan with Moses when Moses was worried about his stutter, I know that God is weaving his own unique plan and story for Maximo. Just remember that your pain is not unseen by Him, and that Sami and I will be praying for your family as if it were our own this week. 


    If you ever wanna feel less alone through the hard stuff, I’m here for you.

    Gift of Honey + Tea: I may not have a degree in medicine, but I know what makes me feel better when I am sick! Hope it helps you as well! By the way, work is boring without you, so get better and come back soon!

    So sorry to hear you have to use a sick day for an actual sickness. To help you heal, I’m sending all of my love and support in the form of soup! 

    Hey Toni! Heard that you might be going through a stressful time. I just wanted to say thank you again for being such a great mother in law to me and mother to Sami! You've got a lot on your plate lately and if there's anything wedding-related that we can help you prepare for please let us know! Excitement and anxiety can be so closely intertwined and I just want to make sure you are able to enjoy this unique time. We love you so much and hope your week is filled with all kinds of happiness and pleasant surprises!


    Surgery: I’ll be thinking of you today as you go in for your eye surgery! I know that you’re nervous and anxious to get it over with, so I said an extra prayer for you and the doctor. I hope both the surgery and the recovery are quick and painless, and I hope it fixes whatever issues you might be dealing with now! Let me know when you leave the doctor’s office if you have a chance! 

    Rough Week: I'm sure this week hasn't gotten any easier for you both, so I just wanted to say that Sami and I are still praying for your family like we are our own. I can't say that I have ever been in a situation like the one you are in now, but I have dealt with pain, anxiety, and suffering enough to know that (just like in Daniel 3 and Job 2) God is always working behind the scenes. Sami and I are praying that in these circumstances, God replaces the sting of hurt and heartache with hope, and does something that nobody could've imagined. We are here for you if you need anything over the next few days/weeks, and we would be more than happy to take Olivia and Maximo for a few hours if you need a date night to distract you! Just throw out a date and we’ll block off our calendars! 


Follow Up Check-In Texts for Tough Stressful Situations:

- Loss of a loved one: 
    - I was remembering [Loved One] today – that time we all went to the lake and they taught me how to fish. It brought a smile to my face. 😊 I miss them, and I can only imagine how much you do. If you ever want to talk or just share stories about them, I’m here to listen.”
- Divorce:
    - I bet this whole thing feels really overwhelming. Anytime you want to vent, grab a drink, or even just binge dumb movies and forget about all this for a while, I’ll clear my schedule to make it happen! 
    - I was scrolling through my photos and found that trip we took to the beach last year. It made me smile and also made me think: we have to do something like that again once you’re feeling up to it. I know life’s pretty hard right now, but I hope you know better days will come, and I wanna be there for you through the crappy days as well as the good ones.
- Surgery/Hospital:
    - How are you feeling today? I know recovery can be a rollercoaster. Did you get any rest last night? I’m really hoping today is a better day, and your leg feels less swollen. 
    - Hey [Name], just wanted to check in—how’s recovery treating you today? Hope the pain is manageable and you’re getting some solid rest. If you’re bored of Netflix yet, let me know—I’ve got plenty of book and podcast recommendations ready to go.
    - Happy one-week post-op anniversary, [Name]! 😊 I hope you’re seeing some good progress in your recovery, even if it’s slow. Let me know if you’re up for a mini-celebration (coffee, lunch delivery, or a quick visit) to mark the milestone—you’ve earned it! Also here if you need help with chores or errands. Remember, no task too small—I mean it!
- Job Loss:
    - I keep thinking how [Old Company] seriously lost one of their best people. Their loss, honestly. How’s the job hunt going? I’d love to help — whether that’s looking over your resume, connecting you with my LinkedIn contacts, or just setting up a work-free zone for you to chill. Let me know, and hang in there.
    - How are you doing this week? Any new Netflix binges or hobbies keeping you sane? 🙂 I was thinking about you and just wanted to remind you I’m here. Unemployment can be such a drag – if you need a weekday lunch buddy or someone to take a walk with, count me in. My schedule’s pretty flexible!
- New Job:
    - Congrats on the new gig, [Name]! 🎉 How’s the first week going so far? I bet it’s a whirlwind of meeting new people and learning the ropes. I’m dying to hear all about it when you have time. No rush to respond if you’re swamped – just know I’m rooting for you here on the sidelines!”
- Retirement:
    - Happy retirement, [Name]! 🌟 How does it feel waking up on a Monday and not having to go to work? I was thinking of you this morning — bet you didn’t miss that 6 AM alarm one bit. 😂 Don’t spend all day golfing without me!
    - After 30 years at [Company], I can imagine it feels odd waking up without a fire to put out or a big deadline looming. Are you enjoying the downtime, or is it a little strange not going into the office? If you ever want to chat or grab lunch like the old workdays, I’m here – my treat, to toast your retirement!
- Changing Homes:
    - Safe travels today Brady fam! We'll miss y'all but I know that Florida will be a great home close to family, new community, and beautiful weather! We'll be praying for a smooth transition and an easy move. Thank you for the friendship and faith you brought to our group. We'll continue to think of you guys often, especially on Tuesdays! Austin will feel different without you. Hopefully we will see y'all periodically over the holidays when you visit Stephen's family. 
    - Hi [Name]! How’s the new place treating you? Did all your furniture make it in one piece? And have you found the nearest pizza place yet? Are you surrounded by boxes still? I know moving is exhausting, so if you need an extra set of hands unpacking – or just a break to grab coffee – let me know. I’m around this weekend and happy to help.
    - I was thinking, since you’re just across town now, we should check out that new brunch spot nearby this weekend. How’s Friday or Saturday looking for you? By the way, if you need to borrow any tools or need an extra pair of hands for DIY projects in the new place, don’t hesitate to ask.
- Freshman Year:
    - How’s life at A&M so far? Dorm life treating you okay? Have you decorated your apartment or are the walls still bare? Made any new friends or found the best coffee on campus yet?
    - I just realized you’re halfway through your first semester. How are you holding up? Are the classes crazy hard or are you finding your groove? I’m thinking of you as you juggle exams, papers, and, you know, feeding yourself. 😄 I know you’ll do great – but on the days it’s tough, remember I’m cheering you on from here.
- Empty Nest:
    - Hey [Name], I just realized it’s been a week since [Kid’s Name] left for college! How are you holding up in the quieter house? I bet you’re so proud of them – and also missing them like crazy! Did he call home much this week? Is the dog still looking for Alex in his room?
    - Just wanted to drop a note to say hi and see how you’re doing with [Kid’s Name] away. Pretty sure you didn’t expect to miss driving a teenager around, huh? 😜 Now that you’re off taxi duty, maybe it’s time for some you time. Let’s schedule that spa day or hiking trip we always talked about. In all seriousness, i know it’s a big change, but luckily you’ve done an amazing job raising them. You’ve got this, and so do they!
- Legal / Financial Problems
    - Hey [Name], I just wanted to check in and see how you’re doing. I know dealing with all the [legal/financial] stuff has been really stressful. How are things going this week? No need to share anything you’re not comfortable with – I just want you to know I care about you and I’m here if you need to vent or want some company through it. If crunching numbers gets too heavy and you need a break, I’m here! 
    - How are you holding up with everything? I was thinking about you today. Dealing with lawyers/banks can be such an exhausting rollercoaster. Make sure you’re taking some breaks from it all when you can, okay? Maybe we can catch a movie or a game this weekend – my treat. Sometimes a little distraction can help recharge you for the next step.
    - Good luck with the court hearing on Friday. I’ll be thinking of you – coffee beforehand or drinks after to decompress are on me, just say the word.
- Pregnancy:
    - Just checking in on my favorite parents-to-be. How’s everything going? Still drowning in baby name lists? Did you ever find a crib you like? We can’t wait to meet your little one. Let me know if you want any help prepping – I’m happy to run errands, build IKEA furniture, or just bring over tacos and keep you company while you fold tiny baby clothes. 
- Miscarriage:
    - I wish I knew the perfect thing to say, but I don’t. I just know my heart hurts for you. You loved that baby from the moment you found out, and I know how much this hurts. I’m here to listen if you ever want to share what you’re feeling or talk about anything at all. Anytime, day or night. We love you guys!
    - I remember that your due date was approaching around now; I imagine that’s hard, and I’m thinking of you. If today’s a tough one, I can come over with some comfort food or just DoorDash it your way! 
- Caretaking:
    - Hi [Name], just checking in to see how you’re holding up. I know things have been tough with taking care of your [Mom/Dad]. Have you been getting enough rest yourself? Sami and I miss you, but we totally understand how much you’ve got on your plate right now. I just want you to know I’m not going anywhere, and I’m sending you a big hug. 
    - Hey [Name], I was at the bakery and picked up your favorite muffins. I know you probably haven’t had a nice breakfast in a while with all the craziness. Can I swing by and leave them on your porch later today? No need to come out or entertain me – unless you want to, of course. I just wanted to do a little something to brighten your day. You’re doing an amazing job, even if it doesn’t always feel like it. Your mom is so lucky to have you!


Well Wishes:


    Quit Corporate Job Just Started a Company: 
    Can you hear that? Listen closely. Did you catch it that time? There should be a faint sound in your ear whispering “Freedom.” Go chase that sound, Brandon. Because the shackles of the old ball and chain (and I’m not talking about Caroline) have been cut. You are now your own man, and you’ve earned it! I’m proud of you. Your parents are proud of you. Your lovely wife is proud of you. Hell, little baby Jackson is proud of you. Now go show the world what you are truly made of. Your Friend, Alex 


    Thanks for Being an Awesome Friend:
    What’s up BD! So in my happiness class, we are learning about expressing gratitude, and I was told that we would have to write a gratitude letter to someone who has had a positive impact on my life. Needless to say, I didn’t have to think twice about who I would write to. That’s because you are the epitome of what a friend should be. Words cannot capture how much I have appreciated your loyalty, your humor, your support, and most of all, your company. Over the last four years, you have multiplied the joy in my life and made my time on this earth more meaningful and interesting. It may sound trivial, but eating Pluckers, drinking beer, road-tripping, and hanging by the fire with you has meant the world to me. Your eyes have been the mirror that I see myself through, and your advice has been the counsel that I live by. Unlike most friends, your presence in my life has never come bearing drama, just stories and laughter. If shit ever did hit the fan, I know that you’d drop anything to help me, and I hope you know I would do the same. It amazes me that you know nearly everything about my life at this point, and yet you still make an effort to get all the day-to-day updates. I think it’s fair to say that you understand me even more than anyone else (including my family). Having someone who gets me is the greatest thing I could ask for from a friend, but you go beyond that. Not only do you truly understand the story that I am living, but you help me write it. With only one semester left of school, the future comes bearing lots of uncertainty, like where I want to be, what I want to do, or who I want to marry. Though there are many things I’m uncertain of, one thing is for sure, and that’s that I want to be lifelong friends with you no matter where we end up. I want you to know that your name is reserved and imprinted on the invite list on the wedding day that I’m not even sure will happen. Though this letter of gratitude started off as an assignment, I want you to know that it comes from the heart. Thank you for giving me the rarest of friendships and for building me up with kindness beyond compare. Thank you for growing with me over the last four years, and most importantly, thank you for letting me grow with you. Your friend, Alex   

    Christmas: 
    Merry Christmas Kate! If you haven’t figured it out already, I’m your secret Santa! I was excited when I found out that I got you, because first of all, you are easy to buy for, and secondly, I’ve been eagerly waiting for the right moment to tell you how proud I am of you! Having you as a sister is like having a built-in best friend, and I know there was a period of time where we didn’t see or hear much from each other, but as of the last couple years, I feel like I’ve finally got my best-friend back. As you’ve gotten older, there are a couple things in particular that I love about you. 
    Your loyalty is next-level. Whether you are driving through Chick-fil-a for the thousandth time or driving all the way from College Station just to see family, you are reliable and you are consistent. Your unconditional love of your people is readily apparent, and it speaks volumes about who you are.
    You are way cooler and more fun than I think you realize. Being around you is like a happy little vacation, and every time we hang out, I just feel better! I love whenever you stop by or give Sami and a call, because it’s so easy to have a good time when you are around. 
    I admire your resilience. Despite dealing with the worst-possible timing of COVID, while attending a new and unfamiliar school, and also navigating the quickly/drastically changing culture of Gen Z, you have never played the victim card and you have never given up. 
    You have a beautifully soft heart. No matter what anyone in our family tells you, your ability to feel so much is a gift, and I love that you don’t let it go to waste. Dad and I both hid from and tried to cover up our anxiety, and you were the first to boldly open up the conversation so that we could all talk about it more openly as well. Thanks for being strong enough for all of us! 
    I hope you feel as loved as you truly are this Christmas, and I hope you enjoy your gifts too!


    We got your Christmas card today and it made us smile. Thank you for thinking of us! Merry Christmas to you and your whole crew!


    I love yalls Christmas card! Cutest one we got!


    Great Christmas card this year. Picture perfect family!


    Hey Katie! Dylan just told us about your wrist! We’ll be praying this week for strength and healing and today in particular for good news and clear answers. I can’t imagine the pain that you’re experiencing, so if we can drop off a meal or lend a helping hand this week, please let us know when and how!


    Closing on First/New Home: Guys! Tomorrow is the second biggest day of the year for you two! I’m sure it hasn’t been easy bidding and hunting for the perfect home, but based on the photos you showed me, you two really knocked it out of the park. I don’t know too much about the place yet, but I know that the people living next to you will be spoiled to have you two as neighbors, and I know that Kevin is proud of you too. I also know that this home will be a treasure trove of big moments, from the first Hanukkah as an engaged couple to the first baby steps as a new family. Can’t wait to see it sometime soon, and please let me know if you need tools, a truck, or two helping hands for anything at all!

    Thanksgiving Text: Casey and Christy, in the spirit of Thanksgiving, Sami and I wanted to give thanks to the people we are most grateful for this season. We could not have asked for better friends to be in an MC with, and we feel so blessed to have you both in our lives. We can tell just by your kindness, that your faith matters a lot to both of you. May this Thanksgiving be as joyful as you deserve, and may your heart be as warm today as your kitchen! 


    May the in-laws be kind and the calories flow freely without guilt. 


    Happy Thanksgiving you two! Hope your hearts and bellies are full wherever you are celebrating this year. Grateful for you both today and every other day! We really couldn’t ask for friends who are more thoughtful and caring. Hope y’all are enjoying a drama-free and mimosa-filled thanksgiving with the family! 

    Just wanted to let you know how thankful we are for your friendship and for all the joy and laughter you’ve brought into our lives this year. Hope your hearts and plates are overflowing today, and you’re able to enjoy every bite and moment! 

    Sarah and Kole, in the spirit of Thanksgiving, Sami and I wanted to express our heartfelt gratitude to both of you for all the love and effort you put into making this Friendsgiving so special. Hosting Friendsgiving with 20 friends is a true testament to your generous spirits, and we’re grateful to have such awesome friends to share events like this with. You two are always amazing hosts, and we’re so lucky to have friends who make little moments like these so memorable. Thanks for being a big part of our little village. We hope your actual Thanksgiving day is just as special! 

    Happy Thanksgiving! Out of everything I am so very thankful for this season, our friendship is at the top of the list. Wishing you moments today that are as sweet as the pie.


    Thank you for…list as many specifics as possible 

    Hey Elizabeth and Roger, I hope that your Thanksgiving table was full of your favorite food and surrounded by your favorite people! I’m going to be putting up our Christmas lights this week, and just wanted to see if y’all needed an extra pair of hands with any of your own decorations. I know that getting up on the roof isn’t fun or easy, so please let me know if I can help in any way this year. 🙂

https://www.handwrytten.com/ 
https://www.cardly.net/

Simple Thank You’s:


    Teacher Appreciation: It’s no secret that teachers are criminally underappreciated…but I want to take a moment to change that narrative and let you know just how much you mean to our family. Honestly, where would our kids be without you? Every day, you show up with a blend of patience, creativity, and dedication that goes beyond the classroom walls. I’ve seen firsthand the impact you have on Walker. From the extra time you spend after school to help with a difficult assignment, to the thoughtful notes you send home celebrating their achievements, big or small. These gestures make a world of difference. They not only help our kids academically but also build their confidence and love for learning. It’s clear you genuinely care about his success as much as we do. I also appreciate how you handle the everyday chaos with grace and humor. Balancing lesson plans, managing different personalities, and adapting to unexpected changes takes a lot of skill and resilience. You manage to do it all while still being approachable and kind, creating a positive atmosphere that our kids thrive in. Thank you for being more than just a teacher. You’re a mentor, a role model, and sometimes even a second parent. Your dedication shapes not only their education but also their character and future. We’re so grateful for everything you do.


    Teacher Appreciation: Watching how you’ve helped Walker grow this past year has been amazing. We notice all the little things you do—like cutting his blueberries, giving him special attention, and doing all the fun developmental activities with him-and it means the world to us. Knowing that Walker is in such capable and loving hands brings us so much peace of mind at this stage of life. It takes a big heart to help shape little minds, and that’s exactly what you do every day. Thank you again for everything. We are so lucky to have you as part of our extended family.


    Itzy and Kenya, we know no one will ever love our kids as much as we do, but you two get pretty darn close. Seeing Walker's birthday celebration was such a happy way to start our day. The balloons, the special backdrop, the laminated photos with his beloved Bluey and Bingo…all of it was top-notch! You didn't just celebrate him, you made him feel special. You went so far beyond what either of us could expect, and it meant the world. But honestly, it's not just the big moments. It's every text you send, every photo update throughout the day, every little detail you remember about what makes Walker ‘Walker’. You know all of his quirks, his favorites toys, and the exact things that make him giggle. You've learned him the way we know him, and that kind of care can't be taught. We can tell by the way you treat our kid that you’re not just an amazing teacher, but you are (will be) also an amazing mom! Thank you both for being exactly who you are. We're so grateful Walker gets to spend his days with you.


    I know this is super out of the blue, but I feel like you don’t get enough appreciation for all the work you do as a sister, wife, daughter, employee and friend. I know I don’t see everything but I know the kind of person you are, and that means you are probably doing infinitely more behind the scenes. You show up in a thousand little ways that make everyone’s lives around you better, and maybe you hear it in private but I don’t hear it enough in public. So thank you! 


    For Coming Over: Sami and I were just talking about how great you guys are. We are so glad you both could make it tonight. It was easily the highlight of our week. The great company, great conversation and great food were exactly what we needed this weekend. It's rare to find friends who can turn any meal into a celebration, so thank you for bringing your fun energy into our home. Let’s plan another night like this soon! Please text us once you make it home safely. P.S. You were really speaking my love language with that bottle of wine you brought over. Thanks for being so thoughtful. 

    I know we are just a tad late on sending this, but we just wanted to extend a big thank-you for being such great friends! We were so glad that you guys could both make it to Mississippi on such short notice, and it reminded us how awesome it is to have spontaneous friends. The quirky conversations, tasty food, and competitive spirits were exactly what we needed last weekend. It always cheers us up to see you two, and we hope you know that our door is always open for you.

    Thank-you for hopping on the lane train and spending the weekend with us in Mississippi! We know the weekend wasn't cheap, between the tickets, the airfare, the food, and the car rental, so the fact that you were so eager to bless us by comping our meal meant more than you know. We love how much we can always count on both of you to drop everything for a solid family-hang session, and how easy you make it to have a good time! Though the game was definitely the focus of the weekend, the little back-porch and kitchen conversations with you two were easily our weekend highlight. We hope there are a lot more Mississippi memories with you to come! Hotty Toddy! 

    You guys are so great! We had so much fun with y’all today, and we were just talking about how happy we are that we’ve become friends! Sami and I are always trying to surround ourselves with genuinely kind and fun-loving people, which is why it always cheers us up to see you two. Thanks for blessing us with a memorable weekend! Can’t wait to hang again soon. 

    Hey Logan and Katie, Sami and Alex here! We just wanted to thank you both for coming over to spend your Wednesday night with us. We had so much fun talking and playing games with you guys that it was almost like having a happy little vacation/weekend in the middle of the week! We are so excited to have new friends in our life and can't wait for all of the conversations and memories that are to come! 

    For Letting Us Stay the Night: I know we are just a tad late on sending this, but we just wanted to extend a big thank-you for letting us crash at your place (again!!).  We can't overstate how much we admire you, your home, and all of your family (especially little Four). Between the delicious food, the comfy bed, and the amazing company, we felt so spoiled! We can't thank you enough for all the little things you do to make your home feel like a 5-star getaway, and we hope you know that we’d love to return the favor whenever you find yourself in Austin or Oxford next! 

    For hosting dinner: Thank you guys so much again for dinner tonight! Y'all are always such great hosts, and we absolutely love spending time with you both. I can't thank you enough for all of the times you have poured into the group and given graciously. 😁


    Thank you so much for having us tonight. Leo is adorable, and you both are clearly thriving. Dinner was amazing, the cutlets were on point, and I’m going to bed feeling fat and happy! Y’all are already such great, easygoing parents, and we really appreciate all the prep and cleaning that went into making tonight happen!!


    Nicki, David & Babes, We wanted to extend our heartfelt appreciation for the adorable Tubby Todd bath time bubble set you gifted baby Wagman. The set is absolutely adorable, and we can already envision the giggles and splashes that it will inspire during (soon to come) bath-time. Your consideration warms our hearts, and we're truly grateful for your kindness in thinking of our growing family! Your generosity and friendship mean so much to us, and we feel incredibly blessed to have you by our side. Knowing baby Wagman will be welcomed into the world surrounded by such caring friends and family fills us with joy. Your gift will create cherished memories as we share special moments with our little one. Thank you for loving all three of us so well! We can't wait to introduce you to the newest addition to our little family. Hope to see you soon!!!


    Jake, Abby & Heidi, We just wanted to thank you for always opening up your home to host Tuesday night MC. Your hospitality and warm welcome have created such a special and inviting atmosphere for our group. We truly appreciate your generosity and the effort you put into making each gathering a memorable and uplifting experience. From the cozy setting or always having Topo Chico on hand, y’all make everyone feel comfortable and at home. Thank you both for your incredible kindness and for creating a place where we can gather, learn, and grow together. We are so blessed to have you in our group! Your friends, Alex & Sami

    Mother’s Day: Toni, there is only one reason your daughter was able to go from a premature emergency room birth to the most loveable, popular, kind-hearted woman that every girl wishes they could be and that’s because of YOU! Can’t thank you enough for raising her the way that you did! You did something that almost no moms could do, and every amazing trait she has is a reflection of you! We love you lots! Happy Toni’s day!  


    Mother’s Day: Happy Mother’s Day Carrie! You make motherhood look effortless and graceful, to the point where it’s almost unfair. I know Barry Jr. is young but I bet he already knows how good he has it! Mothers like you make the world a brighter place. Wishing y’all an extra memorable and relaxing day! 


    Fathers Day: Happy Father’s Day, Dad! I’d be lying if I said I finally fully understand everything you’ve carried, sacrificed, and felt as a father, but now that I’ve got two of my own, I’m starting to see the edges of it. The late-night wake-ups, the stress of providing and being responsible for three other lives, and the constant wondering if you’re doing it right is all becoming real to me. And through many of the difficult moments I find myself thinking, “So this is what Dad was doing for us.” So thank you for the thousands of unseen moments you showed up and for loving us in ways I’m only beginning to grasp. If my boys see me the way I see you, I’ll know I’ve done something right! Love ya! 


    Happy Father’s Day, Alex! You’re the steady leader of your home, provider, chef, finance guy, lawn guy, caretaker, adventure planner and so much more. You’re the ultimate playmate to your boys and a true teammate to Sami. Super dad, incredible husband, and everything in between. You were made for these roles. There’s no task too small or sacrifice too big when it comes to your family. You lead with your whole heart, and because of that Sami and the boys really have it all. I love the way you take Walker on wagon adventures, turning ordinary moments into the best memories. I love how tenderly you hold Owen, caring for his little life with such gentleness. And I love how you love Avery and Charlie like your own. Avery absolutely adores you! You’ve become the best bonus dad she could ask for. You’re present, patient, and completely invested, and it shows in how your family (and everyone else) lights up around you. Cheers to you today! I hope you feel so loved and celebrated because you deserve it! 

    For Bringing Over a Meal: Heather, this meal is SO good! We prefer home-cooked meals to restaurant dishes, so this is exactly the kind of tasty but healthy meal we were hoping for. Also, I’m so glad you went above and beyond with all of the fixings because everything from the salad to the garlic bread was exactly what we were craving tonight! Please send the recipe, because I would love to make “Heather’s Lasagna Soup” for people too! I also have to mention that the amount of food that you brought over has helped us get a lot more done, and also provided us an opportunity to just relax. Your labor of love really means a lot to us. Thanks for being such a great friend to both Sami and me! 


    Babysitting Thank-You: Sami and I just wanted to send a huge thank you your way for stepping in to babysit Walker. You made all of the plans we had to attend to yesterday feel more manageable. In these early weeks, every small break feels like a huge relief, so the fact that you were willing to give up your Friday and rearrange your schedule to help us means the world. We also love that Walker always seems so happy and content when he’s with you. I’m not sure if it’s just him, or all babies in general, but y’all clearly have a magic touch! On top of all the things you do for us, we’re just grateful for who you are. Sami and I are constantly inspired by your selfless nature and unconditional love, and we know that Walker is lucky to have such an amazing uncle and aunt in his life. We’re excited to see you two become parents one day, and we’re already looking forward to the next time we can help out with Zoey and Cooper or mini-Grant and Georgias in the future! 

    Sorry for the delay in sending this text… we ended up having a bit of a late night with the family. I know we tried saying it in person, but it’s difficult for us to put into words how grateful we are for you two giving up your Saturday schedules to watch Walker. Your willingness to help, without a second thought or making us feel even the slightest inconvenience, is a testament to how kind and caring you both are, and it’s rare to find friends like this that we can count on. Four months is still a scary age to be handing a baby off to a teenager, and I knew if we did that, we wouldn’t be able to fully enjoy our time at the parties. We're eager to return the favor in any way we can, so please just say the word and we’ll be there whenever and however you need us!


    Great job leading tonight, Stephen! Sami and I both got a lot out of tonight and I know a large part of that is because of how you facilitated things. Whether you know it or not, I think your vulnerability is a strength, especially when it comes to leading a group discussion. Thanks for all of the preparation and thoughtfulness that went into it. 


Veteran's Day:


    (Kudoboard) Thank you for everything you did to make our country a safer and free-er place. A big reason that I (and the other 99% of America) don't have to fight today is because you (and the other 1% of heroes that served our country) already have! Even after 60 years, we don't forget, and we will be forever indebted to amazing men like you. Happy veterans day Papa! 🇺🇸🦅💪


    I know you deserve to hear this on more than just Veterans Day, but November 11th is a great reminder of how lucky we are to have men of strong character like you in our life and in our country. It’s dudes like you that define what it means to be truly tough, genuinely humble, and unquestionably selfless. Thanks for serving our country and for continuing to set the ultimate example long after your service has ended. You da man Sam! 🇺🇸🪖🎖️


    Hey Matt, just wanted to let you know that the Wagman's are thinking of you this Veterans Day. You gave the best years of your life serving our country and carried burdens most Americans can’t imagine. Every time I vote or speak freely, I’m reminded of the sacrifices you made. Thank you for being part of what makes America strong. You’ve earned my gratitude a thousand times over! 🇺🇸


    Matt - Happy Veterans Day, brother! Just wanted to say thanks for your service. You’re a living example of what makes this country great. The values you showed in uniform still inspire me today. Grateful for you and everything you’ve done for our freedoms!


    Matt, on this Veterans Day I just want to say THANK YOU. You sacrificed your best years so we could all live free. You’re a symbol of real courage and everything that’s right about America. You’ve earned our gratitude a thousand times over, but especially today! 


    While most of us were focused on our own lives, you were out there carrying weight most people will never understand. Your service bought us the privilege of living in peace, raising families, and chasing our dreams without fear. That’s not something I take lightly or forget about. You represent the very best of what it means to be an American. Thank you for your sacrifice and your example. 


    Thanks for your service and for being the kind of person this country needs. You have all my respect! 🇺🇸💪🦅

    Hey, just wanted you to know I’ve been thinking about you and keeping you in my prayers.
    I know words feel inadequate right now, and I won’t pretend to have the right ones.
    Just know that you’ve been on my mind and in my prayers more than you probably realize.
